I have never seen a project blow up as I have never seen a project blow up as I have never seen a project blow up as much as OpenClaw. It is the personal AI much as OpenClaw. It is the personal AI much as OpenClaw. It is the personal AI assistant right now and people are assistant right now and people are assistant right now and people are loving it because it feels like the loving it because it feels like the loving it because it feels like the first agent that truly gets you. And first agent that truly gets you. And first agent that truly gets you. And over time, it builds up a memory of what over time, it builds up a memory of what over time, it builds up a memory of what you're working on and your preferences. you're working on and your preferences. you're working on and your preferences. And it is a fully open-source tool. And And it is a fully open-source tool. And And it is a fully open-source tool. And so this is the GitHub repository. They so this is the GitHub repository. They so this is the GitHub repository. They exploded up to 185,000 stars. I have not exploded up to 185,000 stars. I have not exploded up to 185,000 stars. I have not seen a repository on GitHub with this seen a repository on GitHub with this seen a repository on GitHub with this many stars. even beats out N8N now, many stars. even beats out N8N now, many stars. even beats out N8N now, which is just crazy to me. But it's no which is just crazy to me. But it's no which is just crazy to me. But it's no secret that there are a lot of security secret that there are a lot of security secret that there are a lot of security issues with OpenClaw, both because of issues with OpenClaw, both because of issues with OpenClaw, both because of how much control we're giving to the how much control we're giving to the how much control we're giving to the underlying agent and because of some underlying agent and because of some underlying agent and because of some issues with the codebase itself. So that issues with the codebase itself. So that issues with the codebase itself. So that plus wanting to build something more plus wanting to build something more plus wanting to build something more custom to me has inspired me to custom to me has inspired me to custom to me has inspired me to basically build my own version of basically build my own version of basically build my own version of OpenClaw. That's what I want to talk to OpenClaw. That's what I want to talk to OpenClaw. That's what I want to talk to you about today because it's easier than you about today because it's easier than you about today because it's easier than you would think to take the ideas that you would think to take the ideas that you would think to take the ideas that really make OpenClaw feel magical and really make OpenClaw feel magical and really make OpenClaw feel magical and build it for yourself. I was able to build it for yourself. I was able to build it for yourself. I was able to replicate everything that's powerful replicate everything that's powerful replicate everything that's powerful about OpenClaw in just a couple of days. about OpenClaw in just a couple of days. about OpenClaw in just a couple of days. Just took me a couple thousand lines of Just took me a couple thousand lines of Just took me a couple thousand lines of Python code and markdown. And so I'll Python code and markdown. And so I'll Python code and markdown. And so I'll talk about how I did it. You can do this talk about how I did it. You can do this talk about how I did it. You can do this yourself pretty easily. And honestly, I yourself pretty easily. And honestly, I yourself pretty easily. And honestly, I encourage you to do that. I think the encourage you to do that. I think the encourage you to do that. I think the balance we should strike here is we balance we should strike here is we balance we should strike here is we should learn from these powerful open- should learn from these powerful open- should learn from these powerful open- source assistants that are out in the source assistants that are out in the source assistants that are out in the wild, but build something ourself so we wild, but build something ourself so we wild, but build something ourself so we truly understand and control the truly understand and control the truly understand and control the solution and we can customize it to our solution and we can customize it to our solution and we can customize it to our liking. Now, there are already some liking. Now, there are already some liking. Now, there are already some open- source solutions that are a open- source solutions that are a open- source solutions that are a lightweight and secure version of lightweight and secure version of lightweight and secure version of OpenClaw like NanoClaw, but this just OpenClaw like NanoClaw, but this just OpenClaw like NanoClaw, but this just didn't check all the boxes that I want didn't check all the boxes that I want didn't check all the boxes that I want for my own personal assistant/secbrain. for my own personal assistant/secbrain. for my own personal assistant/secbrain. That's why I'm building my own. Now, I That's why I'm building my own. Now, I That's why I'm building my own. Now, I don't have a repo to share with you like don't have a repo to share with you like don't have a repo to share with you like OpenClaw, but I would kind of defeat the OpenClaw, but I would kind of defeat the OpenClaw, but I would kind of defeat the purpose of this video anyway. I'm trying purpose of this video anyway. I'm trying purpose of this video anyway. I'm trying to make a point here that you should to make a point here that you should to make a point here that you should build your own take inspiration from build your own take inspiration from build your own take inspiration from these other tools like OpenClaw. That's these other tools like OpenClaw. That's these other tools like OpenClaw. That's what I want to show you how to do right what I want to show you how to do right what I want to show you how to do right now. Now, I have already shared some of now. Now, I have already shared some of now. Now, I have already shared some of the skills that I have for my second the skills that I have for my second the skills that I have for my second brain. So, there's a video I did on my brain. So, there's a video I did on my brain. So, there's a video I did on my channel that I'll link to right here if channel that I'll link to right here if channel that I'll link to right here if you want to check that out. I will be you want to check that out. I will be you want to check that out. I will be sharing a lot more on my channel in the sharing a lot more on my channel in the sharing a lot more on my channel in the coming months as I continue to build out coming months as I continue to build out coming months as I continue to build out my assistant as well. So definitely stay my assistant as well. So definitely stay my assistant as well. So definitely stay tuned for that. So anyway, I want to tuned for that. So anyway, I want to tuned for that. So anyway, I want to really quickly cover some of the really quickly cover some of the really quickly cover some of the security issues with OpenClaw. Then security issues with OpenClaw. Then security issues with OpenClaw. Then we'll get into what are the beautiful we'll get into what are the beautiful we'll get into what are the beautiful parts of the tool. How can we take it parts of the tool. How can we take it parts of the tool. How can we take it for ourselves to build our own second for ourselves to build our own second for ourselves to build our own second brain? And so there are two primary brain? And so there are two primary brain? And so there are two primary lanes of security issues with OpenClaw. lanes of security issues with OpenClaw. lanes of security issues with OpenClaw. I'm going to focus first on some of the I'm going to focus first on some of the I'm going to focus first on some of the architecture issues with the codebase. architecture issues with the codebase. architecture issues with the codebase. Recently, there was a one-click remote Recently, there was a one-click remote Recently, there was a one-click remote code execution vulnerability that allows code execution vulnerability that allows code execution vulnerability that allows attackers to steal all of your data and attackers to steal all of your data and attackers to steal all of your data and keys from your OpenClaw instance. All keys from your OpenClaw instance. All keys from your OpenClaw instance. All they have to do is get you to click on a they have to do is get you to click on a they have to do is get you to click on a single malicious link, which it's pretty single malicious link, which it's pretty single malicious link, which it's pretty easy to get a lot of different people to easy to get a lot of different people to easy to get a lot of different people to click on malicious links. And then once click on malicious links. And then once click on malicious links. And then once they do that, then it's going to send an they do that, then it's going to send an they do that, then it's going to send an O token. Their OpenClaw will send an O O token. Their OpenClaw will send an O O token. Their OpenClaw will send an O token back to the attacker. They can use token back to the attacker. They can use token back to the attacker. They can use that to log into the victim's openclaw. that to log into the victim's openclaw. that to log into the victim's openclaw. And because all the credentials are just And because all the credentials are just And because all the credentials are just stored in plain text, they will now have stored in plain text, they will now have stored in plain text, they will now have access to all of the API keys and tokens access to all of the API keys and tokens access to all of the API keys and tokens for your platform adapters and other for your platform adapters and other for your platform adapters and other things that you've given your personal things that you've given your personal things that you've given your personal assistant access to. And then we also assistant access to. And then we also assistant access to. And then we also have the issue with Claw Hub. This is a have the issue with Claw Hub. This is a have the issue with Claw Hub. This is a marketplace that is publicly available marketplace that is publicly available marketplace that is publicly available where people are publishing skills that where people are publishing skills that where people are publishing skills that promise to extend the capabilities of promise to extend the capabilities of promise to extend the capabilities of OpenClaw. But research found that there OpenClaw. But research found that there OpenClaw. But research found that there are hundreds of malicious packages. And are hundreds of malicious packages. And are hundreds of malicious packages. And so it's this beautiful concept that so it's this beautiful concept that so it's this beautiful concept that people can share these ways to make open people can share these ways to make open people can share these ways to make open cloud more powerful, but in reality it cloud more powerful, but in reality it cloud more powerful, but in reality it falls apart because there are a ton out falls apart because there are a ton out falls apart because there are a ton out there where really they're just stealing there where really they're just stealing there where really they're just stealing your API keys, wallet private keys, SSH your API keys, wallet private keys, SSH your API keys, wallet private keys, SSH credentials, the list goes on because credentials, the list goes on because credentials, the list goes on because again everything is just stored in plain again everything is just stored in plain again everything is just stored in plain text where you are hosting OpenClaw. And text where you are hosting OpenClaw. And text where you are hosting OpenClaw. And also I've been doing a lot of research. also I've been doing a lot of research. also I've been doing a lot of research. So, I'll have links to all this in the So, I'll have links to all this in the So, I'll have links to all this in the description, by the way. But there was a description, by the way. But there was a description, by the way. But there was a researcher where it took him fewer than researcher where it took him fewer than researcher where it took him fewer than 2 hours to hijack an OpenClaw instance, 2 hours to hijack an OpenClaw instance, 2 hours to hijack an OpenClaw instance, get access to everything inside. Now, get access to everything inside. Now, get access to everything inside. Now, the one thing that I will say is that the one thing that I will say is that the one thing that I will say is that the creator of OpenClaw, Peter, he the creator of OpenClaw, Peter, he the creator of OpenClaw, Peter, he really is doing a good job keeping up really is doing a good job keeping up really is doing a good job keeping up with the security issues, adding new with the security issues, adding new with the security issues, adding new features to OpenClaw. And so, I do have features to OpenClaw. And so, I do have features to OpenClaw. And so, I do have hope that there is a good future for the hope that there is a good future for the hope that there is a good future for the tool. But even if you address all of tool. But even if you address all of tool. But even if you address all of these architecture problems like I'm these architecture problems like I'm these architecture problems like I'm speaking to, I do think that OpenClaw speaking to, I do think that OpenClaw speaking to, I do think that OpenClaw will still be a security nightmare as will still be a security nightmare as will still be a security nightmare as Cisco puts it and that's because of that Cisco puts it and that's because of that Cisco puts it and that's because of that second lane of security problems that I second lane of security problems that I second lane of security problems that I am talking about. There is this massive am talking about. There is this massive am talking about. There is this massive code base. Open Claw is pretty big. We code base. Open Claw is pretty big. We code base. Open Claw is pretty big. We don't understand it and we're just don't understand it and we're just don't understand it and we're just running it and trusting it. But it's running it and trusting it. But it's running it and trusting it. But it's giving so much power to our agents and giving so much power to our agents and giving so much power to our agents and that I think is just so dangerous. Most that I think is just so dangerous. Most that I think is just so dangerous. Most people are not ready for their agent to people are not ready for their agent to people are not ready for their agent to wield all the power that OpenClaw gives wield all the power that OpenClaw gives wield all the power that OpenClaw gives it. So that's why I'm a proponent of it. So that's why I'm a proponent of it. So that's why I'm a proponent of building your own solution because then building your own solution because then building your own solution because then you truly understand and control what you truly understand and control what you truly understand and control what your agent is doing and you can your agent is doing and you can your agent is doing and you can customize it to the exact level of customize it to the exact level of customize it to the exact level of control that you need for your agent. control that you need for your agent. control that you need for your agent. And so don't get me wrong, like Cisco And so don't get me wrong, like Cisco And so don't get me wrong, like Cisco says here, from a capability says here, from a capability says here, from a capability perspective, OpenClaw is groundbreaking. perspective, OpenClaw is groundbreaking. perspective, OpenClaw is groundbreaking. That's why I want to use it as a That's why I want to use it as a That's why I want to use it as a reference point for building the memory reference point for building the memory reference point for building the memory system and the proactive part of the system and the proactive part of the system and the proactive part of the agent. It's everything that personal AI agent. It's everything that personal AI agent. It's everything that personal AI assistant developers have wanted to assistant developers have wanted to assistant developers have wanted to achieve for literally years at this achieve for literally years at this achieve for literally years at this point, but it's just way too risky for point, but it's just way too risky for point, but it's just way too risky for me. And so that's why I want to take the me. And so that's why I want to take the me. And so that's why I want to take the good components from it and just use it good components from it and just use it good components from it and just use it as a resource. So that's what I want to as a resource. So that's what I want to as a resource. So that's what I want to cover with you right now. There are four cover with you right now. There are four cover with you right now. There are four components that make OpenClaw feel so components that make OpenClaw feel so components that make OpenClaw feel so magical and these are the things that magical and these are the things that magical and these are the things that I've replicated for myself. And I want I've replicated for myself. And I want I've replicated for myself. And I want to stay pretty high level here because I to stay pretty high level here because I to stay pretty high level here because I encourage you to go through this process encourage you to go through this process encourage you to go through this process yourself. And it is so so easy. And so yourself. And it is so so easy. And so yourself. And it is so so easy. And so within OpenCloud, we have the memory within OpenCloud, we have the memory within OpenCloud, we have the memory system, the heartbeat, that's the system, the heartbeat, that's the system, the heartbeat, that's the proactive nature of the agent, we have proactive nature of the agent, we have proactive nature of the agent, we have the channel adapters, and the skills the channel adapters, and the skills the channel adapters, and the skills registry. These are the four core registry. These are the four core registry. These are the four core components that work so incredibly well. components that work so incredibly well. components that work so incredibly well. And the best part about the memory And the best part about the memory And the best part about the memory system is it's elegant, but also system is it's elegant, but also system is it's elegant, but also extremely simple. The entire thing is extremely simple. The entire thing is extremely simple. The entire thing is markdown driven. We have the soul.md markdown driven. We have the soul.md markdown driven. We have the soul.md where the agent evolves its identity where the agent evolves its identity where the agent evolves its identity over time. It kind of evolves the over time. It kind of evolves the over time. It kind of evolves the identity of you and the user MD. The identity of you and the user MD. The identity of you and the user MD. The core memories are stored and maintained core memories are stored and maintained core memories are stored and maintained in the memory.mmd. We can also define in the memory.mmd. We can also define in the memory.mmd. We can also define the agents behavior and in agents.mmd. the agents behavior and in agents.mmd. the agents behavior and in agents.mmd. This is kind of like the global rules This is kind of like the global rules This is kind of like the global rules for your coding agents. And then we're for your coding agents. And then we're for your coding agents. And then we're keeping track of session logs every keeping track of session logs every keeping track of session logs every single day. And for better search over single day. And for better search over single day. And for better search over all of this, there's also a SQLite all of this, there's also a SQLite all of this, there's also a SQLite database with a very light database with a very light database with a very light implementation of rag built in as well. implementation of rag built in as well. implementation of rag built in as well. So again, super elegant but super So again, super elegant but super So again, super elegant but super simple. And then we have our heartbeat. simple. And then we have our heartbeat. simple. And then we have our heartbeat. So we're leveraging this heartbeat.md. So we're leveraging this heartbeat.md. So we're leveraging this heartbeat.md. This is a markdown document that tells This is a markdown document that tells This is a markdown document that tells OpenClaw whenever it runs autonomously OpenClaw whenever it runs autonomously OpenClaw whenever it runs autonomously on a scheduled basis, it should look on a scheduled basis, it should look on a scheduled basis, it should look there to see what can I do for Cole there to see what can I do for Cole there to see what can I do for Cole right now that he would appreciate. So, right now that he would appreciate. So, right now that he would appreciate. So, it does things for us without having to it does things for us without having to it does things for us without having to ask for it explicitly. And this is not a ask for it explicitly. And this is not a ask for it explicitly. And this is not a new concept. There are a lot of agents new concept. There are a lot of agents new concept. There are a lot of agents that have implemented this in the past, that have implemented this in the past, that have implemented this in the past, but OpenClaw for the first time feels but OpenClaw for the first time feels but OpenClaw for the first time feels like this agent that can do things for like this agent that can do things for like this agent that can do things for us that we truly appreciate. It's not us that we truly appreciate. It's not us that we truly appreciate. It's not just wasted work. And so you'll wake up just wasted work. And so you'll wake up just wasted work. And so you'll wake up in the morning and OpenClaw will give in the morning and OpenClaw will give in the morning and OpenClaw will give you this report like, "Okay, I drafted you this report like, "Okay, I drafted you this report like, "Okay, I drafted this email and I created this pull this email and I created this pull this email and I created this pull request in your GitHub repository." And request in your GitHub repository." And request in your GitHub repository." And time and time again, people are like, time and time again, people are like, time and time again, people are like, "Oh, wow. That's like really good. It "Oh, wow. That's like really good. It "Oh, wow. That's like really good. It legitimately did things that I would legitimately did things that I would legitimately did things that I would want it to do." And then next we have want it to do." And then next we have want it to do." And then next we have the channel adapters. This is what the channel adapters. This is what the channel adapters. This is what allows us to talk to OpenClaw in any allows us to talk to OpenClaw in any allows us to talk to OpenClaw in any platform that we want. WhatsApp, platform that we want. WhatsApp, platform that we want. WhatsApp, Telegram, Slack, Discord. The beauty of Telegram, Slack, Discord. The beauty of Telegram, Slack, Discord. The beauty of this is pretty much anything that we'd this is pretty much anything that we'd this is pretty much anything that we'd want to use is available out of the box. want to use is available out of the box. want to use is available out of the box. And we support threads with a lot of And we support threads with a lot of And we support threads with a lot of these platforms. And so we can have these platforms. And so we can have these platforms. And so we can have multiple conversations going with our multiple conversations going with our multiple conversations going with our OpenCloud instance at the exact same OpenCloud instance at the exact same OpenCloud instance at the exact same time. And then last but not least, we time. And then last but not least, we time. And then last but not least, we have the skills registry. So I know have the skills registry. So I know have the skills registry. So I know there are the security issues with it there are the security issues with it there are the security issues with it that I covered earlier. But the beauty that I covered earlier. But the beauty that I covered earlier. But the beauty of this is even with just a single file, of this is even with just a single file, of this is even with just a single file, we can add a new capability to open claw we can add a new capability to open claw we can add a new capability to open claw like here's how I want to build like here's how I want to build like here's how I want to build frontends, a guide for that. Here's how frontends, a guide for that. Here's how frontends, a guide for that. Here's how it can help me generate powerpoints. And it can help me generate powerpoints. And it can help me generate powerpoints. And then we can use that for ourselves very then we can use that for ourselves very then we can use that for ourselves very easily, but then also share it with easily, but then also share it with easily, but then also share it with other people. And so all of this other people. And so all of this other people. And so all of this together is what gives us this magical together is what gives us this magical together is what gives us this magical experience of feeling like we finally experience of feeling like we finally experience of feeling like we finally have an ultra personalized AI agent. It have an ultra personalized AI agent. It have an ultra personalized AI agent. It is able to remember our decisions, is able to remember our decisions, is able to remember our decisions, preferences, and context. It can check preferences, and context. It can check preferences, and context. It can check our services, do things for us before we our services, do things for us before we our services, do things for us before we even ask. We can talk to it from even ask. We can talk to it from even ask. We can talk to it from anywhere, and we can add any capability anywhere, and we can add any capability anywhere, and we can add any capability with a single file. So it can act on our with a single file. So it can act on our with a single file. So it can act on our behalf, anticipate our needs, and it behalf, anticipate our needs, and it behalf, anticipate our needs, and it knows us better every single day. And knows us better every single day. And knows us better every single day. And that's what I wanted to build for that's what I wanted to build for that's what I wanted to build for myself. And so I'll show you here how myself. And so I'll show you here how myself. And so I'll show you here how each of these features I have built it each of these features I have built it each of these features I have built it into my own second brain. Starting with into my own second brain. Starting with into my own second brain. Starting with the memory system. And take a look at the memory system. And take a look at the memory system. And take a look at this. The memory files that I have for this. The memory files that I have for this. The memory files that I have for my system is very similar to what is my system is very similar to what is my system is very similar to what is built into OpenClaw. And that is on built into OpenClaw. And that is on built into OpenClaw. And that is on purpose because what I did is I clone purpose because what I did is I clone purpose because what I did is I clone the repo locally. I took my coding agent the repo locally. I took my coding agent the repo locally. I took my coding agent which is claude code. I pointed it there which is claude code. I pointed it there which is claude code. I pointed it there and I said, "Look at how they built and I said, "Look at how they built and I said, "Look at how they built their memory system and I want you to their memory system and I want you to their memory system and I want you to build it for me adapted to my tech stack build it for me adapted to my tech stack build it for me adapted to my tech stack for my second brain." And it thrived on for my second brain." And it thrived on for my second brain." And it thrived on this example. Let me tell you, coding this example. Let me tell you, coding this example. Let me tell you, coding agents work really well when you give agents work really well when you give agents work really well when you give them good examples. So, if we're working them good examples. So, if we're working them good examples. So, if we're working on top of something that is simple and on top of something that is simple and on top of something that is simple and elegant and just works really well, that elegant and just works really well, that elegant and just works really well, that is the ultimate brain food for the is the ultimate brain food for the is the ultimate brain food for the context for the coding agent. And so, it context for the coding agent. And so, it context for the coding agent. And so, it oneshotted this whole thing for me and oneshotted this whole thing for me and oneshotted this whole thing for me and even adapted it to my codebase. It has even adapted it to my codebase. It has even adapted it to my codebase. It has the same rag strategy with SQLite. the same rag strategy with SQLite. the same rag strategy with SQLite. Markdown is the database. And I also Markdown is the database. And I also Markdown is the database. And I also added Obsidian for syncing because added Obsidian for syncing because added Obsidian for syncing because something that I want to make a video on something that I want to make a video on something that I want to make a video on on my channel soon. And let me know in on my channel soon. And let me know in on my channel soon. And let me know in the comments if you're interested in the comments if you're interested in the comments if you're interested in this is I took my second brain, I this is I took my second brain, I this is I took my second brain, I deployed it to a VPS, but I still want deployed it to a VPS, but I still want deployed it to a VPS, but I still want to have quick local searching when I'm to have quick local searching when I'm to have quick local searching when I'm using the Cloud Code CLI locally. And so using the Cloud Code CLI locally. And so using the Cloud Code CLI locally. And so I'm syncing my memory system. All these I'm syncing my memory system. All these I'm syncing my memory system. All these markdown documents, I'm storing it in markdown documents, I'm storing it in markdown documents, I'm storing it in Obsidian. And so my tech stack is Obsidian. And so my tech stack is Obsidian. And so my tech stack is Obsidian for storage, Markdown obviously Obsidian for storage, Markdown obviously Obsidian for storage, Markdown obviously for the memory system, SQLite for the for the memory system, SQLite for the for the memory system, SQLite for the database, and I'm using Postgress when I database, and I'm using Postgress when I database, and I'm using Postgress when I deploy it remotely, and then I'm using deploy it remotely, and then I'm using deploy it remotely, and then I'm using the Claude agent SDK for the proactive the Claude agent SDK for the proactive the Claude agent SDK for the proactive part of the agent that I'll talk about part of the agent that I'll talk about part of the agent that I'll talk about in a little bit. And so that's my way to in a little bit. And so that's my way to in a little bit. And so that's my way to run Cloud Code from my Python scripts. run Cloud Code from my Python scripts. run Cloud Code from my Python scripts. And then obviously Claude Code is my And then obviously Claude Code is my And then obviously Claude Code is my primary driver. I want to use this primary driver. I want to use this primary driver. I want to use this because then I can use my anthropic because then I can use my anthropic because then I can use my anthropic subscription. So, I'm not paying subscription. So, I'm not paying subscription. So, I'm not paying hundreds and thousands of dollars for hundreds and thousands of dollars for hundreds and thousands of dollars for API credits, which if you didn't know, API credits, which if you didn't know, API credits, which if you didn't know, people have been getting their anthropic people have been getting their anthropic people have been getting their anthropic subscriptions banned when they're using subscriptions banned when they're using subscriptions banned when they're using it with OpenCloud. It's against the it with OpenCloud. It's against the it with OpenCloud. It's against the Anthropic terms of service. But if we're Anthropic terms of service. But if we're Anthropic terms of service. But if we're using Cloud Code and the Claude Asian using Cloud Code and the Claude Asian using Cloud Code and the Claude Asian SDK ourself directly and we're doing it SDK ourself directly and we're doing it SDK ourself directly and we're doing it just in our own environment, then it's just in our own environment, then it's just in our own environment, then it's totally allowed even if you deploy it to totally allowed even if you deploy it to totally allowed even if you deploy it to a VPS. And so, it's very cost-effective a VPS. And so, it's very cost-effective a VPS. And so, it's very cost-effective to build your own second brain as well. to build your own second brain as well. to build your own second brain as well. And then for the heartbeat, it follows a And then for the heartbeat, it follows a And then for the heartbeat, it follows a very similar pattern. All right, Claude, very similar pattern. All right, Claude, very similar pattern. All right, Claude, look at how the heartbeat was look at how the heartbeat was look at how the heartbeat was implemented in OpenClaw. Let's build it implemented in OpenClaw. Let's build it implemented in OpenClaw. Let's build it oursself with our own integrations. And oursself with our own integrations. And oursself with our own integrations. And so I'm using the Claude agent SDK. It's so I'm using the Claude agent SDK. It's so I'm using the Claude agent SDK. It's a scheduled job that runs every 30 a scheduled job that runs every 30 a scheduled job that runs every 30 minutes for me right now. And we send a minutes for me right now. And we send a minutes for me right now. And we send a prompt into the Cloud Agent SDK. So I'm prompt into the Cloud Agent SDK. So I'm prompt into the Cloud Agent SDK. So I'm using Cloud Code directly from my Python using Cloud Code directly from my Python using Cloud Code directly from my Python script. And I'm telling it to look at my script. And I'm telling it to look at my script. And I'm telling it to look at my memory, look at recent emails I've memory, look at recent emails I've memory, look at recent emails I've gotten, things that are scheduled on my gotten, things that are scheduled on my gotten, things that are scheduled on my calendar, my tasks in a sauna, and then calendar, my tasks in a sauna, and then calendar, my tasks in a sauna, and then give me notifications for anything that give me notifications for anything that give me notifications for anything that need my attention. And then something need my attention. And then something need my attention. And then something I'm still working on is more of the I'm still working on is more of the I'm still working on is more of the proactive piece where it will even build proactive piece where it will even build proactive piece where it will even build things for me or draft emails on my things for me or draft emails on my things for me or draft emails on my behalf. And so we can take this as far behalf. And so we can take this as far behalf. And so we can take this as far as we want because we have all of Claude as we want because we have all of Claude as we want because we have all of Claude code, but just wrapped up in a script code, but just wrapped up in a script code, but just wrapped up in a script that we're invoking every 30 minutes. So that we're invoking every 30 minutes. So that we're invoking every 30 minutes. So it makes it feel like the agent is it makes it feel like the agent is it makes it feel like the agent is constantly alive thinking about how it constantly alive thinking about how it constantly alive thinking about how it can do stuff for us. And then for my can do stuff for us. And then for my can do stuff for us. And then for my adapters, I have a very simple version adapters, I have a very simple version adapters, I have a very simple version of what OpenClaw has built. One of the of what OpenClaw has built. One of the of what OpenClaw has built. One of the things that I don't like about OpenClaw things that I don't like about OpenClaw things that I don't like about OpenClaw is it's really cool how many adapters we is it's really cool how many adapters we is it's really cool how many adapters we have, but most of the time you're just have, but most of the time you're just have, but most of the time you're just going to find one that works for you and going to find one that works for you and going to find one that works for you and that's all you really need. And that's that's all you really need. And that's that's all you really need. And that's what I found for myself. I really like what I found for myself. I really like what I found for myself. I really like talking to my second brain in Slack. talking to my second brain in Slack. talking to my second brain in Slack. I'll even show you. I have that pulled I'll even show you. I have that pulled I'll even show you. I have that pulled up right now. I mean, it looks a little up right now. I mean, it looks a little up right now. I mean, it looks a little silly cuz I got deleted messages and silly cuz I got deleted messages and silly cuz I got deleted messages and things. I'm still working on testing my things. I'm still working on testing my things. I'm still working on testing my whole second brain, but I can talk to it whole second brain, but I can talk to it whole second brain, but I can talk to it in Slack from anywhere. It's super cool. in Slack from anywhere. It's super cool. in Slack from anywhere. It's super cool. And that's really all I need. I don't And that's really all I need. I don't And that's really all I need. I don't really need Discord and Telegram. I just really need Discord and Telegram. I just really need Discord and Telegram. I just have the one platform that works for me. have the one platform that works for me. have the one platform that works for me. So, I have this as my adapter and then So, I have this as my adapter and then So, I have this as my adapter and then the terminal for when I'm using Cloud the terminal for when I'm using Cloud the terminal for when I'm using Cloud Code on my desktop or laptop. That is Code on my desktop or laptop. That is Code on my desktop or laptop. That is all I need for my adapters. But I still all I need for my adapters. But I still all I need for my adapters. But I still did have it copy the architecture of did have it copy the architecture of did have it copy the architecture of OpenClaw. So, it's really easy to just OpenClaw. So, it's really easy to just OpenClaw. So, it's really easy to just with cloud code or whatever coding with cloud code or whatever coding with cloud code or whatever coding agent, I can just oneshot another agent, I can just oneshot another agent, I can just oneshot another adapter if I ever wanted to use adapter if I ever wanted to use adapter if I ever wanted to use something like Discord or Microsoft something like Discord or Microsoft something like Discord or Microsoft Teams. And then finally, for the skills Teams. And then finally, for the skills Teams. And then finally, for the skills here, since I'm using the Cloud Agents here, since I'm using the Cloud Agents here, since I'm using the Cloud Agents SDK and Cloud Code, they both have the SDK and Cloud Code, they both have the SDK and Cloud Code, they both have the idea of skills just built right in. So idea of skills just built right in. So idea of skills just built right in. So whenever I want to give more whenever I want to give more whenever I want to give more instructions kind of like the skills instructions kind of like the skills instructions kind of like the skills registry for how to do something for me registry for how to do something for me registry for how to do something for me like uh generate the Excal diagram like like uh generate the Excal diagram like like uh generate the Excal diagram like literally the one you're looking at literally the one you're looking at literally the one you're looking at right here was built by my second brain right here was built by my second brain right here was built by my second brain or ideate for content help me create or ideate for content help me create or ideate for content help me create YouTube scripts I just need to create a YouTube scripts I just need to create a YouTube scripts I just need to create a skill and so one of the skills I have in skill and so one of the skills I have in skill and so one of the skills I have in my second brain is a skill on how to my second brain is a skill on how to my second brain is a skill on how to create more skills and so it's very easy create more skills and so it's very easy create more skills and so it's very easy for me to evolve the capabilities of my for me to evolve the capabilities of my for me to evolve the capabilities of my second brain just by having a second brain just by having a second brain just by having a conversation with it and yeah there's no conversation with it and yeah there's no conversation with it and yeah there's no public registry here so I'm not able to public registry here so I'm not able to public registry here so I'm not able to share my skills at least yet. I'm share my skills at least yet. I'm share my skills at least yet. I'm working on that, but it's a lot more working on that, but it's a lot more working on that, but it's a lot more secure because then I'm not downloading secure because then I'm not downloading secure because then I'm not downloading potentially malicious skills. I'm just potentially malicious skills. I'm just potentially malicious skills. I'm just building everything myself and it's building everything myself and it's building everything myself and it's really easy to do so. And so I'm getting really easy to do so. And so I'm getting really easy to do so. And so I'm getting the ultra personalized agent using the ultra personalized agent using the ultra personalized agent using OpenClaw to build things very, very OpenClaw to build things very, very OpenClaw to build things very, very quickly. And if there's ever an update quickly. And if there's ever an update quickly. And if there's ever an update to OpenClaw where it adds this new thing to OpenClaw where it adds this new thing to OpenClaw where it adds this new thing that's absolutely incredible, well then that's absolutely incredible, well then that's absolutely incredible, well then I'm just going to pull the changes from I'm just going to pull the changes from I'm just going to pull the changes from the repository, point my cloud code to the repository, point my cloud code to the repository, point my cloud code to it again, and say, "Hey, they just added it again, and say, "Hey, they just added it again, and say, "Hey, they just added this thing. Let's go ahead and build it this thing. Let's go ahead and build it this thing. Let's go ahead and build it oursel. Now, of course, you don't have oursel. Now, of course, you don't have oursel. Now, of course, you don't have to copy my exact tech stack, but it is to copy my exact tech stack, but it is to copy my exact tech stack, but it is working really, really well for me, and working really, really well for me, and working really, really well for me, and I do plan on putting out some more I do plan on putting out some more I do plan on putting out some more content soon, covering more in detail content soon, covering more in detail content soon, covering more in detail how I built this out and sharing some how I built this out and sharing some how I built this out and sharing some resources for you. But just overall, you resources for you. But just overall, you resources for you. But just overall, you have to follow this super simple have to follow this super simple have to follow this super simple process. So, just as a quick review, you process. So, just as a quick review, you process. So, just as a quick review, you clone the OpenCloud repo locally and clone the OpenCloud repo locally and clone the OpenCloud repo locally and it's MIT licensed. You can do anything it's MIT licensed. You can do anything it's MIT licensed. You can do anything you want with the code. Then you point you want with the code. Then you point you want with the code. Then you point your coding agent at it, say, "Hey, your coding agent at it, say, "Hey, your coding agent at it, say, "Hey, explain how the memory system works." explain how the memory system works." explain how the memory system works." now build that into my own system. You now build that into my own system. You now build that into my own system. You can specify any customizations that you can specify any customizations that you can specify any customizations that you want as well to make it even better than want as well to make it even better than want as well to make it even better than OpenClaw for you specifically. And then OpenClaw for you specifically. And then OpenClaw for you specifically. And then you just repeat that for every part of you just repeat that for every part of you just repeat that for every part of the platform that you want for yourself. the platform that you want for yourself. the platform that you want for yourself. It is that easy. I mean, it kind of It is that easy. I mean, it kind of It is that easy. I mean, it kind of feels like I'm just saying something feels like I'm just saying something feels like I'm just saying something really obvious here, but I really really obvious here, but I really really obvious here, but I really haven't seen people do this and it just haven't seen people do this and it just haven't seen people do this and it just works so well for me that I have to works so well for me that I have to works so well for me that I have to share it with you because this is making share it with you because this is making share it with you because this is making a real difference for me. I like a real difference for me. I like a real difference for me. I like OpenClaw. I did some experimentation OpenClaw. I did some experimentation OpenClaw. I did some experimentation hosting it for myself when it first came hosting it for myself when it first came hosting it for myself when it first came out, but I'm really really getting a lot out, but I'm really really getting a lot out, but I'm really really getting a lot out of what I'm building for myself and out of what I'm building for myself and out of what I'm building for myself and I feel like it's just going to get I feel like it's just going to get I feel like it's just going to get better and better for me over time. Not better and better for me over time. Not better and better for me over time. Not because I'm engineering something better because I'm engineering something better because I'm engineering something better than Peter with OpenClaw, but because I than Peter with OpenClaw, but because I than Peter with OpenClaw, but because I know exactly what I want and I can build know exactly what I want and I can build know exactly what I want and I can build for that and I think that will resonate for that and I think that will resonate for that and I think that will resonate with you as well. So again, I will have with you as well. So again, I will have with you as well. So again, I will have a lot more content on my channel for my a lot more content on my channel for my a lot more content on my channel for my second brain coming up soon. And I'm second brain coming up soon. And I'm second brain coming up soon. And I'm doing a lot of workshops in the Dynamus doing a lot of workshops in the Dynamus doing a lot of workshops in the Dynamus community as well, going a lot deeper community as well, going a lot deeper community as well, going a lot deeper into this stuff. So, I'll have a link in into this stuff. So, I'll have a link in into this stuff. So, I'll have a link in the description to Dynamus if you want the description to Dynamus if you want the description to Dynamus if you want to check it out. It's my community where to check it out. It's my community where to check it out. It's my community where I do weekly workshops. I have courses on I do weekly workshops. I have courses on I do weekly workshops. I have courses on building agents and using AI coding building agents and using AI coding building agents and using AI coding assistants. And I've got a lot of assistants. And I've got a lot of assistants. And I've got a lot of resources coming for building your own resources coming for building your own resources coming for building your own second brain. And so, if you appreciate second brain. And so, if you appreciate second brain. And so, if you appreciate this video and you're looking forward to this video and you're looking forward to this video and you're looking forward to more things on second brain content and more things on second brain content and more things on second brain content and agentic engineering, I would really agentic engineering, I would really agentic engineering, I would really appreciate a like and a subscribe. And appreciate a like and a subscribe. And appreciate a like and a subscribe. And with that, I will see you in the next