Welcome everyone to the next live stream
working on the Dark Factory. It's been a
little bit now. I'm excited to get back
into the Dark Factory. I was doing a few
live streams in a row a few weeks ago on
the Dark Factory. The idea behind it is
it is a codebase that evolves itself. No
human allowed. So, as I built out this
application, and I'll explain it a
little bit just to kick things off for
us here. I haven't written a single line
of code and I haven't even reviewed any
of the code. I have a full process
behind the scenes where I send in an
issue for any kind of new feature I want
built or any bug that I want fixed that
I've noticed as I test the application
live. And then the workflows that run
under the hood, they're actually archon
workflows that automatically triage the
issues, basically figuring out priority
order and how they're going to knock it
out one at a time. And then I have an
archon workflow run per issue so that we
do the full implementation with
validation ending with a pull request
but not a pull request for us to review
a pull request for yet another agent to
review. So it reviews the PR, addresses
any feedback that comes up and then
merges it and then we automatically have
a deployment to production. And so we go
from issue all the way to the feature or
bug fix being deployed here without me
looking at or writing anything at all.
That's the idea behind the dark factory.
And it's very experimental. Like I
literally call the repository dark
factory experiment because when you
really want to get the most reliable
results possible with AI coding
assistance, being in the loop is pretty
important so that you can validate the
spec, validate the code at the end, like
the pull request before you merge it.
Like I still highly recommend doing
that. This is the the final level of
autonomy that I think we're going to get
to over time as we have the models and
harnesses evolve to the point where we
can really trust it enough, but we're
definitely not there yet. And so I've
had quite a few interesting issues come
up as I've been building out this dark
factory. A lot of things that I showcase
live, you know, building this dark
factory live with you in some of the
streams that I did on my channel last
month. And so I'm excited to work on the
dark factory again today. And the big
topic for today is all about building
workflows that have a mix of Opus and
Kim K 2.6. And there's a couple of
reasons that I want to build this today.
The first big reason, sort of the the
elephant in the room that I want to
address here is that anthropic rate
limits have been not the best recently.
And a lot of people have been like
really really feeling that pain of uh
hitting those 5 hour rate limits even
after they doubled the usage there. And
then those weekly limits seem to really
have gotten worse recently. And so
there's this general trend in the
industry right now.
Uh oh, so you guys are saying there's an
echo. Okay. Uh it should be Yeah. Okay.
So I Sorry guys, I do that every time
where I have the audio playing um on my
desktop, but yeah, hopefully it's good
now. But anyway, there's a general trend
in the industry right now where a lot of
these coding agents or these providers I
should say like OpenAI and Enthropic so
on uh they're hitting some real hardware
limitations right now. And so we have a
lot of these like subsidized
subscriptions that are giving us a lot
of usage kind of spoiling us and they're
sort of taking that away over time. And
so a lot of people are starting to lean
into this idea of let's not just always
use the most powerful model because it's
not realistic from a cost standpoint to
use opus or GPT 5.4 for for all research
and planning and exploration and
implementation and validation, right? It
gets very tokenheavy when you have these
more comprehensive workflows like what I
have in the dark factory experiment cuz
another one of the workflows I have here
that I didn't even mention yet is I have
one for regression testing. So, as I
build out this application over time
through all the issues that I submit,
obviously there's a huge risk that the
coding agent, especially because I'm not
reviewing anything, is going to break
different things as it's building new
features. And so, I have a workflow that
runs once a week and it literally tests
the entire application. So, this is I
call it my AI tutor. It's an agent that
has rag performed over my entire YouTube
channel. So you ask it a question like
what rag strategies does Cole cover in
his content and it searches through all
my content to give a very comprehensive
answer. And so like there's a lot that
goes into this with the rag pipeline and
the search strategies and the agent and
the connection to the LLM uh the whole
like video library that I have here. A
lot of things that can break as we're
building new things. And so having that
regression test workflow that tests
everything and then autonomously create
issues and sort of like self- evvolve
the factory that way is a pretty
important part of what I have built
here. But every single one of the
workflows I have with the dark factory
they are very tokenheavy. And so from
the get-go when I built this dark
factory from the ground up I knew that I
was not going to be using anthropic
models with my cloud subscription. And
so I started the dark factory actually
using Miniaax M2.7 as the large language
model for all of the workflow runs and
then I did some experimentation with
Kimmy K 2.6 as well. And that's actually
what the workflow with the dark factory
runs on right now. And so I wanted to do
that just for the sake of token
efficiency and also just to experiment
like let's see if we build a really good
harness with these archon workflows. how
good of a result can we really get with
these you know weaker models compared to
the big frontier guys like Claude Opus
for example and um I mean obviously I
don't want to like dive super deep into
all this cuz I did it in my other live
streams but my general consensus is
these other models that we have like you
know Quen 3.6 Kim K 2.6 6 Miniax M2.7,
all these like bigger open- source
models that people are trying to use as
an alternative for these bigger guys.
They're they're decent. Like you get
pretty good results, but you're always
stuck slightly disappointed at the end.
Uh when you have like that final pull
request and like things aren't quite as
good as they would be if you implemented
with, you know, Claude Code or Codeex uh
with, you know, GPT or or Opus.
So yeah, my my general recommendation
right now is like if you want to get the
best of the best results, you're you're
still going to be leaning on Opus or
GPT.
But what we can do, and that's what I
want to experiment in the stream today,
is we can mix providers. And so I want
to take the archon workflows that I have
running the dark factory here, and I
want to tweak them so that instead of
using Kimmy K 2.6 6 for everything. We
use Kimmy for most things, but I want to
use Opus for part of the workflow,
probably for the planning. And and maybe
we'll kind of like ID it around this in
our stream here. Like I'll work with
cloud code and show you what it looks
like to analyze an archon workflow,
figure out like where is it most
opportune to inject Opus and then add
that into the workflow and then
hopefully we'll have time in our stream
today to try on some real issues. So
we'll we'll evolve the workflows, get
everything deployed to the dark factory.
So, we have the mix providers ready to
run and then we'll create an issue or
two to build something new or maybe fix
some bugs. I'll I'll figure that out as
well with you guys uh on our our actual
AITOR application here. So, it's going
to be um like usual a more casual
stream. I don't have things like ultra
prepared here. Like I I don't know
exactly how I'm going to be changing the
workflows or what I'm going to be
working on in the application because I
just want to show you guys how I work on
a day-to-day basis. Um, not that the
dark factory is something I'm doing
every single day, but just generally
seeing how I work with cloud code to
work on archon workflows and and run
them and evolve them over time. So, that
is the plan for today. And, uh, by the
way, this application chat.dynamus.ai,
it is available for you guys to use
right now. I'll put a link to this in
the chat here. Uh, but like you can
create your account and use this for
free. Obviously like I have to have a a
decent rate limit here just because this
is using my API credits. I'm actually
using open router. So this is using um I
actually forget I think this the agent
behind this is um yeah Gemini 3 flash.
So the the large language model behind
this whole application is Gemini 3 flash
through open router. But you can use
this for free. And if you are a member
of the Dynamus community, not only does
this agent search through the my YouTube
videos, but it also searches through all
course and workshop content in the
community. So if you're in the
community, just make sure you sign up
with the same email that you have in
Dynamus. So that way it makes that
connection and gives the agent
permission permission to search through
Dynamus on your behalf. Otherwise, it's
still very use. Like, if you're not a
member of Dynamus, it's still really
useful because it'll search through all
of my YouTube content.
So, let's uh let's get into things here.
So, I'm going to pop open my IDE.
All right. Uh there we go. So, I have a
conversation ready to go with my second
brain where I just kind of primed it on
what I'm doing for uh the live stream
today. So, we got AI dark factory
self-building codebase. right now runs
entirely on Kimmy K 2.6. The outcome
today is we wanted to run with Opus for
deep reasoning and planning and then
Kimmy K 2.6 to stay as the workhorse for
implementation and validation. And this
is one of the the decisions that I made
up front before the live stream. But
people go either way when you're mixing
providers like using Opus with Kimmy.
Some people they use Opus for just the
planning, right? Like the idea is if we
use the more powerful model to create
the comprehensive plan, then we're just
trusting Kimmy to follow the plan versus
like figuring out how to implement
something from scratch. That's one way
to do it. The other sort of camp right
now is that you use the weaker model for
planning and the more powerful one for
implementation. So the idea there is the
planning doesn't actually touch the code
yet. So, it's okay for the plan to not
be perfect because then when we apply
the more powerful model for
implementation, as it's implementing,
it'll catch any of the little things
that are off in the plan because the
weaker model wasn't quite as good during
the planning process. And like honestly,
I'm not sure which camp is best yet,
right? Like where does the better
reasoning actually matter? Is it when we
actually write the code or is it the
plan that dictates the code? And so I'm
leaning right now towards like let's
make the plan as good as possible. So
that's where I I want to use Opus, but
I'm also curious on your guys's
thoughts. If you want to let me know in
the chat like what you think is better,
like should we use a more powerful model
for implementation or planning or maybe
you have something totally different and
you actually think that it's best for
validation to use Opus. Uh, I'm kind of
honestly flexible. Like I might try a
couple variations of this workflow once
I have everything hooked in for mix
providers. Uh, it's going to be really
easy to adjust the archon workflow. Like
I literally don't even have to change
the prompts or anything. I just have to
change the provider for each node. And
that's one of the beautiful parts of
building archon workflows is for each
node that we have like here is where we
do our planning. Here's where we do our
implementation. It's just a couple of
parameters to change the model and the
provider. As long as I have that uh
authentication set up, wherever I'm
running the archon workflow, I can
change it in in a snap just like that. U
so that's what we'll be doing today is
we'll actually be hooking things up in
the cloud instance where I'm running the
dark factory so that we have the
connection to both Enthropic and uh
Kimmy and I'll just use my subscription
for both. So, one of the things that I
do already have set up because I've
obviously been using Kimmy um in the
dark factory already is I have my Kimmy
code subscription. So, it's just $40 a
month. I'm on the allegretto tier and um
this this gives you like way better rate
limits compared to Enthropic like $40 a
month and I've been using like obviously
I haven't used it that much uh this
week, but when I was using it more
heavily building the dark factory
initially when I was using Kimmy K 2.6
6. I wasn't even close to hitting my 5h
hour or weekly rate limits like I get
close every week with Enthropic. So you
get a lot of tokens for this. Obviously
not as powerful their flagship model is
not as powerful as the Enthropic or
OpenAI flagship models, but that's why
we're going to use it as our workhorse
here combined with Opus.
All right.
Uh power for the plan different power
model for deploy open router fusion is
interesting. I haven't heard of open
router fusion. I don't I don't know if
you're referring to specific open source
project, but yeah, that's what I'm going
for is power for the plan. Opus for
planning, Kimmy, for implementation.
Okay. Yep, that's exactly what I'm
doing. Glad we're on the same page,
Sean. Uh regression testing. You should
be able to use a weaker model. Yeah. So,
we probably won't touch the regression
testing workflow for today that I have
in the dark factory, but that is another
thing that I'm probably going to just
like keep as Kimmy. So pretty much what
what you said Jeeoff, we don't really
need Opus for the regression testing.
Your plan should be good enough for a
lesser model to implement. That is
that's exactly the idea here. Yep.
Uh benchmarking plan versus
implementation tonight. Just wrote the
pipeline. Okay, cool. Yeah, let me know
how that goes. I'm curious because that
that's a really cool idea is is
benchmarking. I haven't really done that
with Archon workflows, but if we created
one workflow that uses Opus for planning
and Kimmy for implementation and then
another workflow that flips that and
then we just run that same workflow on
like a bunch of GitHub issues, for
example, and then have some like third
party or ourselves reviewing the
different poll requests to figure out
which workflow did a better job. That
would be really interesting. Like
actually that could be the next live
stream that I do. Um, that's a really
cool idea cuz then then it kind of just
solves the problem or it gives us the
the final answer. Like right now as I'm
telling you guys, like I don't really
know what is actually better. So, we're
just going to roll with one. I mean, I'm
decently confident. I shouldn't say
super confident. I'm I'm like definitely
leaning towards the more powerful model
for planning, but we'll see.
I try to utilize the sonnetss. I try to
have opus dispatch the sonnet model to
do the processing right the reports and
opus to implement with sub agents uh
where are the outputs
okay yeah that makes sense u and then as
far as sub aents where the outputs are
they uh they send like a summary back to
the main agent if that's what you're
asking so when you whenever you dispatch
the sub agents can either output to a
markdown for your the your downstream
process to read later or they can just
send a summary back to the primary
session
where you're running your coding agent.
Yeah. All right. So, it's cool to to
hear you guys are kind of on the same
page with me here. So, let's let's go
ahead and uh get started.
So, quite simply, I just need to start
by adding in
the different providers to the Archon
workflows. And so I'm going to be just
pretty free form here using my speech to
text tool to just give like an initial
brain dump for what I want to do for the
archon workflows. And I'll I'll kind of
like show them on screen as I'm talking
as well. So I have the dark factory repo
cloned locally. Not that I'm working on
it locally, but just to show you guys
the workflows here. So if we go into
workflows,
here are the four that I have. So, I
have the issue triaging. I have handling
each individual issue, validating each
individual pull request, and then that
regression testing one that we probably
won't touch today at all. So, I'm going
to go into speech to text and say, "All
right, so I want you to create a new
branch in the dark factory experiment
repo that we have locally because I want
to work on overhauling the archon
workflows to use a mix of providers.
And um for now, let's actually let's
actually just change the fix GitHub
issue workflow because this is one where
I want to use a mix of Opus and Kimmy.
And so for the workflow right now in the
dark factory, we're currently using
Kimmy for literally everything,
but I want to also use Opus for the
planning. So we'll still use Kimmy for
research and investigating like all
these steps right here.
Um but then okay yeah but then for the
plan step when we run the archon create
plan command that is where I want to run
with opus with my enthropic
subscription.
Now one really important thing that
we're going to have to overhaul with
this workflow is u currently when I use
kimmy 2.6 six on the VPS. I'm using
Claude as my provider, but I just have
it rerouted through environment
variables to point to my Kimmy for code
subscription and Kimmy K 2.6. But this
is going to be have to be different now.
I can't override claude at a global
level because I do need to actually use
Opus now with my subscription for one of
the nodes. And so what that means is we
have to use PI as our provider to use
Kimmy and then use Claude for Opus. And
so you're going to have to change the
entire workflow fundamentally to use PI
for everything with Kimmy K2.6 and then
just opus with anthropic for the
planning. And so I need you to
understand how PI works in Archon. Look
at some reference workflows that use PI.
We've worked on this recently. So you
can search your memories as my second
brain as well. And then I also want you
to confirm how we set up the credentials
for Kimmy and Enthropic so that once we
have the workflow overhauled and it's
ready to deploy to the VPS, you can give
me exact instructions to get my Kimmy
for code API key set for PI and get my
enthropic subscription set up. And then
we'll have to change the environment
variables as well so that we're not uh
overriding to go to Kimmy anymore for
the cloud code usage in the archon
workflow.
All right, that was quite the brain
dump. So I hope you guys can see what
I'm going for here. If we want to mix
providers, I can't use cloud code for
everything like I was before. I
literally just had my claw code as a
harness pointing to Kimmy. But now we
have to use pi mixed with claude, which
is cool because I've been working on pi.
Like that's what I focused on in my last
live stream as well is I was doing some
some work around uh Pi and building uh
actually it was kind of cool. We built
like an archon extension into Pi. Um, so
if you're not familiar, Pi is a an open-
source minimal coding agent. And it's
the goal of of PI is to make it very
easy to uh build your own system into
the coding agent and use any model that
you want or any provider, which is why
we're going to be using it for Kim 2.6.
So I'll just kind of have to let this
rip now.
So we'll start by editing the workflow
locally. So like what we're looking at
like this file right here, we're going
to edit this locally and then we'll work
on getting it deployed and all the
credentials set up in the VPS. So it
hopefully shouldn't take too long
overall and then we can get to the point
where we can test it on some real issues
here.
So I also have my terminal open because
I'll I'll have to probably SSH into the
VPS where I have the Dark Factory
deployed to set up the credentials.
All right, let's go back and see make
sure it is working. Okay,
good. Uh, okay. So, it looks like my I'm
going to interrupt it for a sec. It my
speech to text tool set py instead of at
pi. The coding agent is pi, not
pi. Let me I'm just going to make that
correction otherwise it might get super
confused. Okay. By the way, for Aqua
Voice, one thing I should do that I
haven't yet is just add to the
dictionary. So, it's a custom word. So
now when I say PI, it'll know what I'm
talking about. Uh, so this is a cool
thing just to avoid like
misprononunciations like my name and
Dynamus and different like tools that
I've used like Pantic AI for example. So
there we go. All right. Now that won't
happen going forward.
Cool. And while this runs, I'll I'll
just uh pop over to the chat again, see
what you guys have been saying.
Um, do I think that Kimmy is better than
Miniax for my experience? Yeah, good
question. So, Kimmy K 2.6 has better um
output quality compared to Miniax. It
also is three times the price. I mean,
both are really cheap, like way cheaper
than Sauna and Opus, but uh yeah, Kimmy
is a bit better. The problem I've had
with Kimmy though, unfortunately, is
their API is not the most reliable.
Sometimes when I'm using Kimmy with Pi
or within an Archon workflow, the API
will just hang forever. And it's not
like there's an error. So my Archon
workflow doesn't even retry. It just
gets stuck waiting for the Kimmy API.
That's happened maybe like three or four
times to me, which is pretty
frustrating. And then for Miniax, it
only happened one time. And then for
Claude, it happens like once in a blue
moon, but it's super rare. like their
API, as long as they're not actually
having like an active outage, their API
is very reliable. So, I I guess it's
like kind of ironic to call the
Anthropic API reliable because they have
outages so often. Like their uptime is
98.66%.
For their cloud.AI like that. And their
um their cloud API is also less than
99%. It's pretty ridiculous. Like for an
application deployed to the cloud like
you usually want your uptime to be like
at least 99.9%.
Like if we go to like I don't know
status um superbase for example their
their uptime is 99.95%
99.9%.
Right? Like that's way better.
So I wouldn't call them stable either.
But I guess like Kimmy and Miniax, even
when they're not having an outage, when
things are like theoretically
operational, you'll still just like
sometimes get hangs in the API. And
Kimmy is just worse at that. So
something to keep in mind. I hope that
they work on that over time because as
we start leaning into these cheaper and
open- source models, we definitely don't
want to have reliability issues built
into our workflows. So that is a current
downside right now. But I still want to
work on this right now because the issue
around rate limits and token management
is real like as we speak.
All right.
Uh do I have a AI adversarial judge
component where AIs check each other's
work? Uh yes I do. So for the dark
factory here uh if I open up the
workflows again I kind of have a a
double process here. So within the fix
GitHub issue workflow itself after I do
the implementation I do a validation and
the important thing here is that I have
clean context between these two
sessions. I don't continue the
conversation. And so it really is a
separate coding agent that is validating
the work before we create the pull
request.
And then once we do create the pull
request, I have that secondary workflow
that does a more comprehensive review,
right? So like the validation that we do
right here in the the GitHub issue fix
workflow. This one is more of a first
pass and then we do a more comprehensive
review that also automatically merges
the pull request into main and does the
full deployment if it considers the PR
ready to go and it'll iterate and get it
to that point if it isn't right. So like
this this no matter what this workflow
is going to end with something merged
into main unless there's some really big
issue where it like can't fix it for
whatever reason like I have a max
retries built into this. But yeah, I I
do sort of have adversarial dev built
into this validate PR workflow where
it's I you know prompt it specifically
to be very critical
of the implementation. And the other
thing is this validate PR workflow is
given no context of what went into the
implementation. So it knows the GitHub
issue and it knows the final result like
here are the git diffs in the PR but it
doesn't know anything of the process in
between and so there's no bias built
into the coding agent session for
validation that comes from any part of
like the spec or implementation process
itself and so we intentionally keep it
in the dark like it knows the GitHub
issue like I said it knows the GitHub
issue in the final diff but it doesn't
know how the previous agent got there
you know what I mean like it's it's very
important for it to not understand that.
All right.
Uh sometimes I use opus for
orchestration and planning but not as a
part of the agentic harness that writes
the code. I have a workflow just to make
plans including defining interfaces.
Yeah, I love that. That's that's exactly
what I'm going for here. Nice.
Um, should I get the $19 plan for Kimmy
Code? Is it good for heavy coding
workhorse? So, I would definitely
recommend starting with that if you
don't want to go right to the $40 month
plan like I did. Even with the $20 a
month plan, you I don't think you'll
really hit rate limits. Like I the only
reason I jumped straight for the second
tier is just because of the scale of the
Dark Factory. like I just wanted to be
ready to like send dozens and dozens of
issues into it. Uh but you should you
probably should be good with the $20 a
month plan.
So you get
for Kimmy Code, you get five times the
credits
with $40 compared to 20. So yeah, I
would say start with 20 and then as you
scale up your usage, you might find that
you just want to upgrade. But I would
just do it once you need it really.
And then yeah, once you So the the cost
so it's two times as expensive to go
from this to this for five times the
usage and then it's o over double the
price to only get three times the usage.
So it doesn't really make sense to me to
go up to the $100 a month. Like if I
start hitting insane rate limits even
with Kimmy, which I can't even imagine,
then I'd probably just like try using
the Mini Max subscription because that
even gives you more tokens compared to
the Kimmy subscription. So really, it's
like how cheap the model also determines
how many credits you get with their
subscription because Miniax also offers
a subscription like Kimmy and Codeex and
uh Anthropic does.
All right, let's see where we're at now.
Uh let's see. So we created the branch
how PI works in Archon. Built up an
understanding of that key rules from the
provider source. Uh Pi's credentials are
fully separate from Claude's cloud
codes. So this is the o.json file that
we'll have to set up on the VPS.
So uh right now the config has an
environment variable that sets anthropic
to point to Kimmy, right? So I mean you
guys already know this from my brain
dump, but I'm just confirming that
Claude understands exactly what's going
on here. So it hijacks every cloud
provider cla subprocess in the repo. I
can't add a real opus node while this
override is live.
Uh there's a second trap. Pi's built-in
enthropic provider also reads the
enthropic API key. So routing Kimmy
through Enthropic would collide all over
again. The fix is a custom PI provider
that doesn't share an environment
variable name with cloud code. I don't
actually care about that part. I might
need to correct it here because that
that I'm not using anthropic models with
pi.
Uh so workflow yaml top of file we'll
change it to pi and then kimmy for
coding as the default model. And then uh
for the
um plan node we're going to add the
provider claude and model opus. So as a
default, Kimmy will be uh running
everything in the workflow and then
we'll override at the individual node
level for the when we run the archon
create plan command.
And then for classify issue and review
classify will drop model h high coup
because we don't have any any kind of
like faster alternative in in um Kimmy
like when you use Kimmy you are always
using Kimmy for coding which I I'm like
99% sure this is running Kimmy K 2.6 six
under the hood. They just call it Kimmy
for coding because that routes it
through the subscription.
Uh okay. So for credentials I need to we
need to register a custom provider on
the VPS
uh with the Kimmy for code API key and
so PI only config invisible to cloud
code and then for uh cloud code with
opus we have to remove the Kimmy
environment variables and authenticate
the cloud code on the VPS against our
real subscription.
Okay.
Uh, so I'm going to say yes. So it want
me to SSH to the VPS and inspect the
live PI install so I can write the
custom provider config. Okay. Yeah. So
I'll let it just do this. I think it's
going to realize that we don't really
have anything set up for PI yet. And so
we'll uh we'll just let it rip
and realize that and then we'll get our
credentials set up. So let me actually
do this.
I'm going to I'm going to actually SSH
into the VPS as well, just so I can show
you guys what we already have there.
All right. So, if I do an ls,
honestly, I forgot
I forgot the path that has everything.
Um,
I think it was slash opt.
Yeah, here. Dark factory.
Um
I think this is it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
This is it. The cat out the read me,
right? Okay. So, yeah. So, this is the
app. If I do So, check this out. If I
run a claude right here in the dark
factory
right now, you can see that it's using
Kimmy for coding. So, I have claude code
itself overridden. Like, obviously,
that's not acceptable. So, we're going
to have to change that here. So, that's
what we're going to have our Claude
locally help us with right now.
All right. And then, uh, last live
stream, it's kind of funny, I had my
Kimmy API key exposed, which really
sucked, so I had to rotate it live on
the stream. Hopefully, that doesn't
happen this time. We'll see. Um, but it
yeah, currently my second brain has some
security stuff for blocking access to
environment variables. So, it's going to
have to realize that and then tell me
things for me to do myself. That's why
I'm SSH into this as well, cuz it'll
tell me like, okay, now here's where you
have to go to set your Kimmy API key.
And then I'll go and do that.
All right.
Um, what if we use claw SDK with Kimmy
API keys? That that's exactly what I'm
doing right here. So up until now with
my enthropic workflows, I had been using
the cloud agent SDK just routed to
Kimmy. That's exactly what I'm showing
here with the override. This affects
claude code and then obviously the cloud
agent SDK as well, which is what archon
workflows use under the hood when I
point the provider to claude.
I just have to change this now because I
at least maybe this is a limitation to
my own knowledge, but I don't know how I
could use the Claude SDK with both Kimmy
and Opus at the exact same time because
Claude would have to authenticate
differently or be routed differently
depending on the model I'm using. So
that's why I'm changing Claude. I'm
getting rid of the override right now
and then using pi for Kimmy.
All right.
So, is Kimmy better than Miniax, would
you say? Yep. Yep. So, I I maybe maybe
you were the same one who asked the
question earlier before I answered, but
yeah, Kimmy is a bit better, just not
quite as reliable, unfortunately.
Uh, how about trying a local model? I
managed to get PI working with Quinn 3.6
on my 4090 this weekend. That's super
cool, Jeff. I won't be doing any testing
with local models because it takes a
while to download and and it like my
computer has some weird issues running
local models right now uh where it'll
like crash my computer. It's really
unfortunate even though I have two
3090s. Um and then also like a local
version uh of Quen is probably not going
to be powerful enough for what I'm doing
at the Dark Factory. Like yes, I'm
running open source models like Kimmy
and Miniax, but like Kimmy is over one.
like 1.1 trillion parameters. So, it's
open source and you could run it
locally, but like I can't run it
locally. So, that's why I'm just using
the API on the VPS here.
All right. Uh where should uh the live
mix provider run happen given the VPS
isn't ready?
Uh so, yeah, I want to update the VPS
and run there. So, we're going to update
it so that like I'm going to Okay, so
we're going to build the workflow and
then we're going to set up everything in
the VPS with authentication and then run
it there. How do you want to handle quad
code subscription?
Um, I'm going to do a claude.
Yeah. So, uh I will do the claude login
myself after you have the environment
variables cleared. So, we're not doing
the override anymore. I need you to make
sure that we have a blank slate for
cloud so I can do the login and then I
also want you to handle the PI setup and
let me know where I can go and add the
uh Kimmy API key as well.
Okay, submit. Very good.
So I I don't think it cleared it yet. I
guess I could test right now, but if I
do claude
um yeah, so it's not overridden yet. So
it still has to do that. And then I
don't think it changed the workflow yet
either. Maybe it did actually. Hold on.
Sorry, I wasn't I was looking at the
chat, so I wasn't really tracking. Okay.
Yeah. So, it hasn't updated the workflow
yet either. Okay. So, we'll let it we'll
let it rip through that.
Um,
okay.
It says my stream is at 9:00 a.m.
Central today. Updating everything is a
risk. May maybe I'll just tell it after
this that I am in the middle of the live
stream right now. It thinks that I'm
still prepping for it, which is my
fault. It doesn't really matter that
much in the end.
All right.
Okay. So, Jeff Jeff said using local
models for lightweight workflow process
step. Yeah. I mean like as much as you
can. Okay. Here's the thing. For a lot
of your AI coding workflows, there are
going to be steps that really don't need
that much reasoning power. Like a lot of
times I'll do Haiku with a lot of like
research steps or like codebased
exploration. Anything that you want to
use a sub agent for, you can typically
use with Haiku. And uh Quen 3.6 what
Jeff is running locally. It's definitely
I would say as good as Haiku. So there
are some real use cases for using local
models. you pay absolutely nothing and
have no rate limits at all for certain
steps of like any kind of like web or
codebased research or exploration that
you're doing. So, I'm going to I'm going
to go to Olam. I'll just pop this up
quick cuz Quen 3.6 is one that I'm
really interested in in testing out more
soon, but they have 27 billion and 35
billion parameters for Quen 3.6. So,
most like like if you have like a 3090
graphics card or 5080 or anything like
that, like you will be able to run one
of these. you probably would just have
to quantize it somewhat like a Q4 um and
then you could run it. So like if I were
to run this myself right now, I would be
using this one probably
35 and because it's also only three
billion active parameters. So as long as
you can fit it, it's going to be pretty
fast.
It's pretty cool. Not doing that in this
live stream though. Definitely out of
scope, but that would be cool to
showcase, too.
All right.
um getting bad results with sub agents
doing the implementation. They're okay
for tasks like researching, creating
road cramps from plans and so on. So
this is definitely in line with my
experience as well. In fact, I always
recommend using sub agents for research
or any kind of exploration but not for
implementation.
And uh the main reason for that is
whenever you're doing any kind of
research, all you really care about is
that summary at the end. And that's
exactly what sub agents give to your
primary coding agent session. Just a
summary. So when you ask it to do a
bunch of research on something, it's
going to spend tens or maybe even
hundreds of thousands of tokens with web
research or reading files that you have
locally, whatever the task is. But
usually you're you're just looking for
one little piece of information like
what is the architecture or like where
is that file that I need or like where
is that URL for that web page? And so
like that's the only little thing that
you need sent back to your primary
agent. for implementation.
Really, you want your main agent to have
an idea of every single file that was
created or edited and like everything
that was changed. Because if you don't
have full context on that, then once you
go into validation or whatever, you're
going to be running into hallucinations
because the agent doesn't have full
context of like what was changed with
the sub agent. So, so there's always a
big disconnect there. So really like you
only want to use sub agents for things
where a summary is acceptable. And I
would never say for making changes to
your codebase that a summary is
acceptable. You need full context there.
Like when you open up a pull request,
you have the git diff, right? Like you
have that full context going into that
next validate step in the archon
workflow like I'm doing. So hope that
makes sense. Hope that helps. But you're
not alone for sure.
All right.
So, looks like it's still chugging along
here. Cool.
Um, actually on local for
implementation, heavy frontier for
review. Uh, that is impressive. I've
never used a local model to actually
implement something in one of my real
code bases before. That's cool.
Um,
all this text right here, how is the LLM
going to know what text you highlighted
as you said here? Okay, that's a fair
question. So, you're referring back to
when I gave my initial brain dump and I
was like highlighting stuff. So, that
was actually for you guys, not for the
coding agent. It doesn't actually have a
way to know the things that I'm
highlighting. So, it's always a little
bit awkward using speech to text in a
live stream because like I I kind of
want you guys to be able to follow along
with my, you know, brain dump as best as
you can. So sometimes I'll say something
that's really more for like you to know
what I'm talking about as I point
something out on my screen. Not that
Aqua Voice actually has a way to like
read what I'm highlighting.
But that that's a good question.
That would be really cool though. One
thing Aquavice does have if I go back to
the settings here. Uh stupid malware
bites. Okay. They have something called
deep context. So we can use context from
our screen to boost accuracy. Uh, don't
quote me on this, but I believe this is
only like once I send in the prompt,
then it processes the prompt plus what I
currently have on my screen, but as I'm
talking, I don't think it's able to like
read things and like see what I'm
highlighting and process that as well.
Maybe it actually does, but I don't from
what I've seen, I I don't think so
because um really as a speechto text
tool, all it's doing is producing a bit
of text. So there's no like image
understanding that goes with it or like
it's not sending in image understanding
to Claude. It it just uses what it reads
on the screen at the time I send in my
prompt to help it uh with like spelling
and things like that. So it's not as
elaborate as it as it maybe could be.
That would be cool though.
All right.
Getting there. Cool.
Uh, why am I not using Typew Whisperer
or Spokenly for text to speech? So, I
mean, to be honest, I haven't tried
either of those two tools. And the main
reason I use Aqua Voice is because I've
been using it for over a year now, and I
just have no qualms with it. Well,
almost. I mean, it's not it's not always
perfect perfect, but I don't think any
speech to text tool ever is. And then,
like, once in a while, I'll transcribe
something and then it'll like not work.
So, I have to click re rerun
transcription and then copy it back over
to my text box. But that's pretty rare.
Overall, this tool just works so well
for me. So, that's why I don't use
something else. Uh, it's like literally
I've been using it since yeah, April
28th of 2025.
It's so good. Um, but like that being
said, I'm not trying to push Aqua Voice
on you guys. Like I'm sure Type Whisper
or Spokenly, um, Whisper Flow is another
one. Epicenter whispering is a free and
open- source alternative. Like there are
so many good tools out there that um
maybe aren't quite as good as Aqua,
maybe they're better. I don't really
know. But the point is like just have
one of these a speech to text tool is so
good for anything with large English
models, even beyond just AI coding.
Anything where you just have this idea
in your head and you want to get it out
and be really comprehensive, but you
don't want to just sit there and type
for 10 minutes, right? Like I I talk way
faster than I type. I don't know about
you guys, but I cannot type at 224 words
per minute. And that's just an average
considering like a lot of times when I
have Aqua Voice open like this, I'm I'm
thinking, right? Like I'm not actually
typing. And so it it that's even
considered in the statistics there.
All right.
Cool. Uh you've tried them all,
including Aqua. Okay. Yeah, maybe it's
time for me to try another tool. I'm
totally down. Like I'm not married to
the tool. It just works well for me. So,
I haven't really reconsidered um cuz
usually like right like don't fix what
ain't broken, right? Not that like Aqua
Voice is completely not broken, but I
don't I don't know. I haven't been
interested personally in trying new
tools when what I have like cuts it for
me already. So, I don't know.
All right. Um, based on the recent
Enthropic announcement, does that mean
that starting June 15th, Archon won't
work with Enthropic subscription
anymore? Uh, besides the $200 credit
they will give that is true. Yep.
Unfortunately, because that that does
include all programmatic usage of Claude
through Claude headless mode and with
the Claude agent SDK. That is yet
another reason that I'm really really
interested in exploring
uh other models with Archon workflows
and using PI with things like Kimmy
because yeah, you get the $200 a month
that we can use with Enthropic and that
or with Archon and that's cool. That'll
probably go pretty fast though. $200 of
credits with Opus goes really fast. And
so
yeah, primarily I'll I'll be just using
cloud code interactively and then using
archon for workflows more for like
exploration and like doing some
implementation with opus. But yeah, that
burns through the that will burn through
the $200 credits pretty quickly. And
then the other thing, here's the other
thing is I am considering especially
because of this problem here, uh
switching to codeex. I'm thinking about
it because then I can still use my
subscription with Archon Workflows and
still continue to use and Archon
workflows for literally everything in my
life. Um, yeah. So, um I'm definitely
like
planning on still using some cloud code,
but then maybe even like moving all of
my Archon workflows and my second brain
over to uh codeex because my second
brain, this is like the system that has
full context about my my business and
has memories about everything we're
working on. like I could have it recall
a plan for anything like courses in the
Dynamis community, the live stream for
today. Uh but when I when I'm not
talking it when I'm not talking to it
directly in cloud code like I am here,
then I'm talking to it in Slack. I so I
have it my second brain set up so I can
chat with it in Slack, but it's also
using the cloud agent SDK there just
like archon is. So this this anthropic
change is kind of screwing me over in in
a couple different ways. So, I have to
adapt to using codecs or, you know,
something else like my Kimmy
subscription through Pi. So, still
figuring that out. Luckily, this change
takes place on June 15th, so I have
almost a month to do that. Uh, but yeah,
definitely have to make some changes to
my workflow.
Okay, cool. So, let's see where we're at
now. All right. Uh, infrastructure work
is done.
So we have the feature branch created.
The orchestrator is paused on the VPS so
we can make changes and not have things
run. We updated the VPS
so that we have the new version of the
archon workflow. Yeah, take a look at
this. It edited it locally. So we can
see the provider is PI with Kimmy coding
for our default. But then when we go
down to the plan, this is where we use
Claude with Opus. Okay, perfect. Um, and
then we have the PI provider installed
on the VPS. The config sets up is set up
now to not override cloud code. So
that's good as well. I actually want to
test that. What happens if I run claude
here?
Still says Kimmy for coding.
Uh, okay. I might need to edit something
still. So, um, let's see. Yep. So, Pi
has a native Kimmy coding provider. So,
I didn't need to set up something
custom.
Um, okay. What I need to do, the EMV is
blocked for me by the secrets hook. So,
I have to clear the Kimmy override.
Um, okay. So, I will make a copy.
I'm going to probably do this off camera
just to make sure.
Uh, oh, hold on. Just turn just to make
sure I don't expose anything like I did
in my last live stream. That was funny.
But I don't I still don't want to do it.
Okay. And then I'll copy this command.
All right. Home.
Sorry, there's a bit of mal formatting
here. Copying things from cloud is
annoying. There we go. Okay. Then I add
the Kimmy API. So, okay. Let's copy
that.
It's kind of nice like even though
Claude I don't want Claude to manage my
credentials for me. It's generally not
best practice to have your environment
variables go straight into a Frontier
model session. Um, it's it's nice that
like I can still have it give me the
step by step. So, I still have to like
copy things and SSH into the instance,
but I don't really have to think about
how to do these things,
which that actually sounds so bad. I'm
using a coding agent, so I don't have to
think, but you get what I'm going for.
Like, this whole process is faster
because I don't have to remind myself
the different commands or type it all
out myself. Like obviously this would
have taken a while to type out. So even
though I am more technical and I can
like do all these updates myself, it's
still just faster to not have to like go
into Nano and edit these things. It just
gives me the commands really fast. So
okay, I'm I'm going uh off camera again.
I keep saying off camera. I'm going off
my main monitor again to get my Kimmy
API key and then I'll set that and then
I'll bring things back. Okay, so copy
paste. There we go. And then I'll cat
out the env to make sure it looks good.
Um, yeah.
Okay,
cool. That looks good. Do a clear.
Okay. Um,
then it's telling me to
reset my config.
Okay. and then log into Claude with my
enthropic subscription.
Okay, so I think we're good now. Okay,
so let me bring my terminal back over
here.
Let's try this. So now if I run claude,
it should ask me to sign in.
It did not.
I might need to restart my VPS,
I think. Yeah, I think I'm going to do
that. So, I'm going to exit and then SSH
back in
and option dark factory.
There we go. Okay. And then let's try
again.
Yeah, there. Okay, there we go. Awesome.
So, we are using claude now. So, not
logged in. Run / login. So, let's do
that. And then I'll do my subscription
for as long as I can at least. and then
I'll get my browser ready to accept the
request.
Okay, so it's gonna Oh, actually, no, it
can't open up the browser because this
is on my VPS. So, I just have to copy
the link and then uh open it up here.
That'll give me a code that I'll paste
in. So, I'll do this off camera as well.
Not that it really me matters because
it's a temporary code, but I'll still
just do that. So, copy the code, paste
it in here, enter. Login successful.
There we go. Okay, perfect. So now we
are set here. So if I say slashmodel,
I can switch.
Okay, so we have opus and then um
effort. So I can set the effort letter
level slasheffort.
Uh and I'll do high, I guess. I don't
know. It doesn't really matter. So I'll
say hi. Make sure it's working.
And then uh what model are you?
Make sure that it says that it is Opus
and not Kimmy.
Okay, very good. So, we're set there.
And then uh we also have So, I ran these
commands off monitor as well. So, we're
set for Kimmy too. So, I think we're to
the point now where we can actually test
the workflow. So, I did this. I did
this. Get the workflow onto the VPS. The
change is on a local branch. The VPS app
is on main. Either commit push or re
rebuild the YAML. Okay. So, I'll
probably just have it make the push and
then reenable the orchestrator.
Uh, want me to commit the workflow
change to the branch and push it? Yeah.
So, I set up my Claude subscription and
the Kimmy API key. And so, here's what I
want you to do to validate everything. I
want you to, yes, first commit the
workflow, push it, and then pull it on
the VPS. And so, that we have everything
up to date on the VPS. And then I want
you to do a smoke run both with Claude
and with Pi. So create a temporary
archon workflow that basically mimics
using Opus for one thing and Kimmy for
another and then run it and make sure it
works so that we have authentication set
up so that Archon is set up to work with
mix providers. I want to make sure we're
good to go before I then create a couple
of GitHub issues in the dark factory and
we reenable the orchestrator and we test
things end to end.
Okay, so we're almost there to the
payoff. This is uh actually going pretty
quickly, which is nice. Yeah. So, we
Well, I guess I've been streaming for an
hour already. Time flies when you're
having fun, right? All right, cool. So,
yeah, we'll have it um just create like
a really small archon workflow, which I
I have been doing that kind of thing
quite a bit. Like, if you see within the
uh archon workflows for the dark
factory, I have this miniax smoke test.
So I built this when I was first running
miniax M2.7 for the dark factory where
uh I set the provider to claude in the
model the sonnet but this is when I was
overriding claude code to go right to
the miniax API. So then I just like send
in like a super simple prompt just to
make sure that the connection is
working. So I'm basically going to do
something like this to make sure we're
really good to go for Kimmy and Claude
and using both together. Then we'll try
it on the real workflow on the GitHub
issue fix that we have overhauled here.
All
right.
Okay. If Opus 4.7 is uh 95 out of 100,
what is Kimmy out of 100? That's a good
question. I would say it's like an 80 or
an 85.
Like Kimmy K2.6 is probably about as
good as Sonnet in my mind. And then
Miniax is like a little bit worse. Still
better than Haiku.
So like Sonnet, Sonnet would be like an
85 out of 100. And then Kimmy would be
like between an 80 and an 85. You know,
like a 82, 83.
As specific as I can get. Yeah.
All right. Um, have I had any AI
hallucination mishaps on the VPS? Do I
use a file watcher to look for mishaps?
Um, I really haven't to be honest. like
if you're talking about any sort of
hallucinations as I'm using my second
brain to work in the VPS. I really
haven't. Um so yeah, I don't know if you
guys have really realized here, but one
of the things that I've done with my
second brain is I have given it full
context around the the machines that I
have deployed in the cloud. Like I have
my second brain running in the VPS. I
have like the same thing we're talking
to here running in the VPS. So that way
I can talk to it on Slack even when my
computer is down. And then it knows like
the IP address for the dark factory VPS
as well and like the user that um I need
to sign into it and the SSH key path as
well. It has full context there. So I
can essentially treat my cloud machines
as an extension of my local file system.
So for all intents and purposes, the
second brain knows like if I want to
operate on the VPS like change something
with a cron job or deploy some changes
from git like whatever it is, it just
has to prefix the command with this so
that we we uh SSH into it and then it
can run any of its usual commands that
you would run with the the bash tool
with cloud code, right? I can run a CD,
I can edit a file, I can run git
commands, anything I can do locally,
assuming I have those tools installed on
the VPS. And it also as a part of like
the memory system I built into my second
brain, it also knows the tools and
capabilities that we have in each in
each of my VPS and and uh you know like
what I'm actually doing with each one of
them. So it's pretty cool. Uh I I get to
basically use them as an extension. So
that way like yeah sometimes I still
have to SSH in in order to run some of
the things I was doing here for my
credentials like anything I don't want
the the coding agent to have in its
session I still have to do myself but
most of the time when I'm debugging
things and getting things set up on the
VPS I never have to SSH myself and
manage anything in a separate terminal.
It is so incredibly convenient because
back before we had coding agents doing
all these things for us like sometimes
it'd be tricky to remember like okay
where's my SSH key again or like what's
that user I I had for that VPS or like
what's the command to copy things
between machines like if you're familiar
like SCP for example like I'd always
forget how to do that. Uh and so I I'd
like constantly go back to Stack
Overflow. If you guys remember the Stack
Overflow days of like running an STP
command to a VPS with SSH and man, we
just you don't have to do any of that
anymore. It's so nice that you just ask
the coding agent to do it and it just
does it.
Um, how can we run local models on a
VPS? I don't think we can. Well, I mean
certainly for my VPS, I have some really
cheap one that certainly could not run a
local model. you'd have to have a a GPU
instance, which I'm obviously not paying
for right now. Uh those are very very
expensive.
But if if you are shelling out some
dough for a uh VPS with a GPU, then you
can certainly run local models there. If
you are interested in running
local models in the cloud, uh Google
Collab is the cheapest way to do it
because in Google Collab you can
basically run like Jupyter notebooks and
they they support like running it on GPU
instances. So you get access to actually
like free GPU compute. It's really nice,
but you don't own the machine. If you
want to actually own the machine, uh run
pod is one option. I mean there's a ton
of options out there. Uh, but RunPod is
is pretty good as far as pricing goes,
but it's still not going to be cheap.
Like, um, Jeff earlier, he said he had a
uh 4090. If you want a machine with a
4090, it's uh 69 cents an hour. I mean,
that that that seriously adds up. So, 69
cents and so 24 hours in a day and then
you have, let's just say, 30 days in a
month, that's $500 a month. So, if you
want to have a machine in the cloud
running 24/7 for local models, it's
expensive as heck. And that's that's
actually on the cheap end of things.
Like, if you're using like Digital
Ocean, or if you want to use like an
H100 or something, it's very expensive.
So, there's definitely appeal to having
the graphics card or cards to run the
models yourself and then just pay for
the electricity to keep your machine on
instead of hosting something in the
cloud.
All right, let's see. Smoke workflow
validates. Running it now. Okay, cool.
I'm actually kind of curious what it
built. I'm going to see if I can find
this in the
temp mix smoke. Okay, I'm going to I'm
going to change my directory. I want to
open this up quick and take a look. Mix
smoke.
Uh oh. Is there not actually Wait, where
is the workflow?
Oh, I see. Okay. Options, dark factory,
archon.
I got to sneeze.
Excuse me. All right. Uh, let's see. Do
I have a archon folder? Yes. And then go
to workflows.
Um, test workflows
end to end pi smoke.
Which one did it just run?
Uh, mix provider smoke.
Wait, where is that one? I I don't know
exactly where it is. Let me just cat out
end to end pi smoke. I don't think this
is the one that it's running,
but this is this is again kind of like
the one I showed locally. Super simple
workflow where we have the provider set
to pi and then just some random model
like we're just using Haiku and then we
just send in a prompt.
Okay, smoke test passed, mix provider
confirmed working. Um, cool. So, both
providers authenticated, workflow
completed successfully.
All right, so the claw nodes using
global O plus 5R rate limit event
confirms it's on our real enthropic
subscription
temp files are cleaned up. Uh two things
to flag before we go end to end. Only
fix GitHub issue is mix provider which
that is true. That's the only workflow
that we've actually changed in our
stream here for the other ones that
manage the dark factory like triaging
and validating the pull requests. Those
are
just going to use my subscription.
That's fine. that that's actually
totally good. So, uh, cosmetic only. You
don't really care about that. So, the
next steps is to create the GitHub
issues, label them as factory accepted
to send them straight to the next
provider, fix GitHub issue. Um, okay.
And then, yeah, so let's let's go ahead
and do that. Let's actually create an
issue now. Okay. So, I want you to
reenable the orchestrator and then look
back on the plan for the live stream
that I prepped ahead of time here and
let me know what is the issue that we
should create. I believe there is
something around making the feedback
more real time for the agent that's
deployed to chat.dynamus.ai.
So, look into that and then uh just
suggest like what you'd create for the
GitHub issue. And then I agree that once
we have it created, we should just label
it right away to skip the triage
workflow so we can see the mix provider
one in action.
Okay, very cool. Uh, and then while
that's running, I want to see if I could
find the actual smoke test that it ran.
So I I know the name of it, but I just
don't know um where it put that because
there's a couple different like it could
have put it in a global archon or it
could have put that in the app
directory.
So, if I go to do arcon here, workflows,
and then um
No, it's not there either. Yeah, I don't
know. It doesn't really matter that
much. All right,
I'll just let it keep going here. All
right, see what else we have in the
chat.
All right,
does that also apply to T-Mox agent
teams? So, if you're asking about the
rate limit changes, no, it does not. So,
you can still use your anthropic
subscription with T-Mux agent teams.
All right.
Uh, GSD version one delegates pretty
much everything to sub agents. Well, I'm
not the hugest fan of GSD for this
reason. Actually, trying to pass all the
context needed for each one, but I'm
realizing this is both slow and not so
optimized. version two is built around
Pi. Oh, I didn't actually know that.
That's pretty cool. GSD is building
around Pi. No way. Let me look that up
here. GSD version two.
Oh, is this like brand new? Hold on.
This is cool. The evolution now a real
coding agent.
Oh, wow. Okay. So, they're not just a a
like a harness anymore. They're actually
like they're they're they're not just
like recommending PI. They like actually
built on top of PI.
Uh GSD is now a standalone CLI built on
the PI SDK which gives it direct
TypeScript access to the access to the
agent harness itself. This means GSD can
actually do what version one could only
ask the LLM to do. Clear context between
tasks. Okay, that is actually really
cool.
Wow,
man. How new is this?
I'm gonna look at the commit history.
That's super neat.
Okay, it's been around. Wait. Oh,
there's a lot. Holy cow.
Okay, let me I'm trying to find uh
because I I'm kind of like brain farting
here. How do you tell how old a repo
actually is? I guess I could look at the
releases.
Scroll down.
Oh, I think Okay, it's GSD. So, there's
only one release here. Oh, wait. No, I
have to click releases.
Okay, maybe it's not. Sorry, guys. Maybe
GSD2 has been around for a while, but I
didn't realize that they changed it to
be a an actual coding agent instead of
just a harness. That is really cool.
Nice.
All right. Uh yeah, let's let me go back
here and see where we're at. Okay,
orchestrator is back on. Uh the
real-time feedback feature mostly
already exists. Okay, so chat.d.AI AI
already streams live tool activity. So,
the basic real-time indicator is done,
but it has two genuine rough edges that
are worth a polish issue. Okay. And a
polish is a clean feature enhancement,
which means it routes through opus plan
node. It's exactly the node you want
firing on the stream. Okay, cool. So,
make the live tool activity indicator
tool wear and continuous body. Okay,
cool. So, basically, we're just going to
make the the front end more responsive.
So when we send in a request, you know,
like what rag strategies does Cole cover
in his content right now, it's like kind
of real time, but it still feels really
sluggish. And this agent is slow overall
because I am prioritizing more
comprehensive answers and a lot of
searching over like getting quick
responses. So it's not super fast like
if you go to like chat GBT or Gemini,
it's more like Claude style. Like it
really takes its time with things. And
so just having like more real-time
feedback would be good. So that's that's
what I want. Okay, this is great. So
yes, go ahead and create the GitHub
issue and then I want you to then go
back into the VPS and uh fire the
orchestrator. Make sure it's handling
the workflow. I want you to monitor the
workflow. Make sure opus is actually
used for planning. Kimmy is used for
everything else. Make sure that the
workflow is progressing nicely. Give me
status updates every couple of minutes.
So, I want you to monitor the workflow
closely. All right, there we go.
Cool. And then going back to the web UI,
you can see here that like now it's
finally answering. Like it takes a good
like 10 20 seconds to get an answer
depending on obviously this is a super
comprehensive question. So there's a lot
of searching that it's doing, but uh
yeah, like it's not an extremely fast
application and it isn't made to be, but
I should still try to make the the
feedback as real time as I possibly can.
just giving the best user experience
that I can for an application that's
designed this way. All right. So, yeah,
let's go back to the dark factory. Go to
issues. We don't have one yet. Okay.
It's still thinking, I guess. So, we'll
have one created in just a second here.
Okay.
Give Type Whisper a try. I'm down to
give another tool a try. I mean, not on
the live stream here, obviously, because
I want to focus on what I'm doing here,
but uh I would be open to it.
Uh, but yes, then then this is the
question I was thinking as well. Are you
marketing your own app? Because I I
wouldn't really appreciate you marketing
your own app on a live stream, but if it
is genuinely like a tool that you're
using and you're not just marketing your
own thing, then um then that's all good,
but uh yeah, I don't
this isn't a place to just market stuff.
Um yeah, like honestly I I would be very
inclined to not try it if you were just
marketing your own thing. I'll just say
that.
All right. Uh, okay. No issue yet. Oh,
and now I guess it's just dumb thinking
for a while.
All right. And yeah, so that's another
thing is within cloud code, we also have
slashvoice now. So the reason I still
like using an external tool like Aqua
voice is mainly because then I can use
it anywhere, not just Cloud Code. But
uh, yeah, if you're mainly just looking
to give brain dumps to Cloud Code, it's
built in now, which is really nice.
All right,
cool.
Wait for the issue to open here.
Just give me a sec.
All right, clear that.
Still thinking, I guess. Oh, no. Here's
the issue. Okay, good. Good. So, uh,
factory accepted. Make the live tool
activity indicator tool aware and
continuous. So, we already stream events
during the tool retrieval phase. Two
rough edges make it less useful. Raw IDs
leak into the UI. The indicator flashes.
So, between one tool call ending and the
next starting, the UI drops back to the
generic typing dots. That's Yeah, I
actually did notice that here. So, that
would be good.
So, really, we're just making some
improvements here.
And so, let's see if we kicked off the
workflow already.
Uh, almost. So, it's just thinking about
it, I guess.
All right.
Well, you can keep thinking about it.
Okay. Now, firing the orchestrator.
Good. So, we've sshed back in and uh
Okay, nice. So, because the Archon
workflow is running in the orchestrator,
I unfortunately can't open up the Archon
UI and show it progress like I've done
in some of my my more recent live
streams where like I view the workflow
in the mission control here because it's
not running locally, right? And I don't
have the Archon web UI running remotely.
So, we'll just have to rely on my second
brain here to continuously monitor and
give us a status update of the workflow.
And the workflow it's going to run for a
good amount of time. So I I don't know
if for my live stream here I really want
to wait for it to complete end to end. I
I want to for sure get it to the point
where it has created the plan with Opus
and we've done the exploration with
Kimmy because that's the most important
thing right now to prove that I have
made the workflow now mix providers
showing the power of Archon and uh
really evolving our dark factory here.
That's that's my end goal for the stream
and then you know spending some more
time with you guys in chat as we wait
for that.
So one second here. I want to see where
we are. So
um okay I had to tag Okay. So I had to
add a tag to the the GitHub issue for it
to fire.
Now we're dispatching the dark factory
GitHub issue. Cool.
Okay. Okay. So, like as this runs, I
just want to say I think that by the end
of this year, pretty much everybody is
going to be using mixed providers for
their AI coding. Maybe not always mixed
providers, but like definitely like
never just using the same model for
everything. A lot of people are just
always using Opus for everything. And
like the writing is on the wall right
now, ladies and gentlemen. By the end of
this year, you can't just use Opus or
GPT 5.4 for everything. like for sub
agents and different nodes like in
Archon workflows, you're for the sake of
tokens, you are going to have to be
using different providers or different
models. So that that's why I care so
much about working on this right now.
And we're almost there. We'll we'll wait
for this once this live run work as long
as this works. Like we have this set up
and and now we have the dark factory
within an hour and a half successfully
switched over to mix providers. And then
obviously the other thing that I haven't
done yet that I would want to do is
maybe build this sort of mix provider
into some of the other workflows. So
like for the validate PR workflow, maybe
I'd want to have one uh step that uses
Opus just like I have one step in the
fix GitHub issue workflow. So a lot more
things for me to do here still. But I'll
save that for the next live stream. And
then the other thing that I would be
interested in doing in the next live
stream as well is uh that benchmarking.
I think that would make for a really
awesome topic of like okay let's take
one workflow that's opus for planning
Kimmy for implementation one workflow
that is the opposite run them both in
parallel on a bunch of different of the
same like okay a bunch of different
issues but each one both on the same
issues and then see what comes out on
top like we'd have some kind of review
process after to do the actual
benchmarking so really answering the
question of like does it make the most
sense to have the most reasoning on the
planning or on the implementation
because we don't really want to do both
for the sake of uh token efficiency.
So that that would be super cool
uh let's see
can we have a profile of Claude with
Enthropic and another let's say Claude K
with Kimmy and run provider Claude and
provider Claude K.
So I mean isn't that kind of what I'm
doing with Pi, right? like I I have uh
my provider of claude through my
anthropic subscription and my provider
of pi going through my Kimmy
subscription or or maybe are you saying
that we would like route them both
through claude code because I don't know
if that's possible but I think what
you're describing here is exactly what
I've set up because within my archon
workflow I have my provider of Kimmy and
then my provider of Claude
like if we if we open this up here
maybe you could elaborate on your
question a little bit right but like I
have my provider or a pi. I could call
that claude k if I wanted. I I think I
think what you're getting at is like can
we override claude to go to to either
or. That's what I don't know if you can
do
potentially. It might require setting
environment variables at the individual
node level in archon. I don't think we
support that yet. I'd have to ask
Raasmus who does a lot of work to help
me build out Archon.
All right.
Um, am I updating documentation of the
current archon from the things that I
discover in these use cases uh on the
live streams?
So, I guess I would be curious like what
things you think I should update because
like obviously as we continue to work on
Archon, we do update the documentation
like as we add new providers or new
default workflows, things like that.
uh the things that I learn about Archon
as I use it. I don't know exactly where
I would update that in the
documentation, but I see what you're
saying. Like as I'm using Archon during
these live streams, there's a ton of
things I'm running into where it's like
best practices that I kind of build up
for myself. Um definitely there could be
more of like a a guide part of the docs
that I could start to share more of
those things. Uh I think that's a really
good suggestion.
Um okay, so that's cool. Uh let me let
me see where we're at now.
Okay, workflow running. Kimmy confirmed
as the workhorse. So we have the
workflow active on issue number 223. And
if we look at the issue list here, we
should see that. Yep, factory in
progress. So it switched from accepted
to in progress because the orchestrator
accepted it. Uh the workflow default is
Kimmy for coding. Uh so yep, Kimmy ran
for extract issue number for fetch issue
and classify and then for web research
as well. So all the initial research
stuff we're using the cheaper model
makes sense. And then once we get to the
planning we'll see if we're using opus
or not. U okay yeah the opus plan node
is live. This is the key moment. So
provider claude opus reasoning model is
now running on my enthropic
subscription.
Cool. And if we go back to the console
for Kimmy uh let me close out of that.
If I refresh, we should see that we have
some more recent requests coming in. If
I look at the usage history here, and
sure enough, we do. Take a look at that.
Just within the last few minutes here,
we've had a ton of requests come in with
my Dark Factory prod API key. All right.
Nice. Cool. So, this is this is working
really really good. Uh, all right. And
then if I look at my claude usage, we
can check that as well.
Um, let me open that up. So, I just have
that on my other browser here. So, I
need to copy this over. This is my
Anthropic usage for this week right now,
which is actually not too bad. I hit my
rate limits way faster last week. So,
apparently anthropic has gotten a bit
nicer with their usage this week. Or
maybe that's just me. I don't know. But
anyway, we should see this number tick
up uh as the Opus node is currently
running.
Uh, give another status update. I want
to make sure it actually is still
running the plan step or Okay, I'm
sorry. The the monitor is triggering
automatically, so I don't need to type
manually. Okay,
plan is still running. No failures.
Holding for it to complete. Cool. So,
we'll see if the number went above 35%.
Uh, okay. So, well, that number didn't
increase, but this one ticked up. So,
cuz I mean it's not I mean I just
checked within like 30 seconds, but it
looks like we're good cuz if I go back
to Kimmy, it shouldn't be any new
requests, right? So, like last one was
uh 1530
one should be the same.
Yeah. Okay, good. So, we're not actually
using Kimmy for what is running in the
archon workflow right now. And then back
to entropic usage.
Uh I guess it hasn't updated yet. Okay.
Well, I have to be patient. I have to
actually give it a couple minutes here.
But it's looking good. All right.
Uh, I've been running Hermes, driving
hero, Pi, Open Code, and Claude with my
environment variables pointing to
another provider, and I've had no known
mishaps running a WSL with access to
Windows. Okay, very cool. So, I guess I
could just use Claude as a harness for
everything. I I'll have to look into
that because I thought that like if you
set the environment variables to
override Claude to go to Kimmy, then
like how would you get it to go to
anthropic? I guess that's what I'd be
curious on.
Okay. I tried a while ago, but the
second brain method kept falling back
and mangling between code and thropic pi
miniax my own home lab service memories.
Interesting. Yeah, that sounds tough.
All right.
Looking forward to a clean setup once I
got a deterministic memory solution.
Nice, Stuart.
All right.
Uh, I rent bare metal GPU servers.
Usually ends up cheaper than paying
hourly if you're running 247 workloads.
I agree. Yep. Got an RTX 5090 and 5080
systems and your local AI package works
great for it. Hey, cool. That's awesome.
You're using the local AI package. Love
to hear that. Nice. All right. So,
anyway, the plan is still running with
Opus here, so we should see our our
limit go up. I probably have to Yeah, I
still have to be patient.
All right. But it's looking good.
All right.
Can using x number of providers still
eventually add up in the long run?
Um
well, I mean like every single provider
is going to is going to lead to more
token use, but the idea is some
providers are going to use less tokens.
Like Kimmy and Miniax are way cheaper
and more token efficient than Opus, for
example.
And if you're asking about like the
mental overload, like there's so many
providers to manage. I mean, yes, you
want to be careful about how many
providers you introduce into your system
just because it can be harder for you to
manage. Um, so I would I would recommend
sticking with just like, you know, two,
three providers. Like right now, I'm
using Kimmy with Pi, Opus with
Anthropic, and I'm happy with that. I
don't even really feel the need to
introduce a third one right now.
All right.
All right, Opus is still going. Let's
see. I want to hit that 36% to show it's
actually using. I don't know why it's
not going up. I guess the anthropic for
once I want the usage to be going fast,
but it's not.
All right.
It's the problem with Archon workflows
being token efficient.
All right. Well, I guess I'll just keep
waiting here.
I use cloud models with with Kira
instead of the cloud CLI. Oh, right.
Okay. Well, nice.
Can you Yeah, I guess you're using just
like the Kuro subscription then, I
assume.
All right.
Well, anyway, I think we're kind of at a
good stopping point here actually
because the we've proved that the
workflow is running with Kimmy and Opus
now. So, it's pretty cool and it'll take
like probably another like 15 minutes to
go through the full archon workflow
because I've made it very comprehensive
like many many steps here because if I
want a dark factory to be reliable
working on all these different issues,
then it uh better have a very
comprehensive harness running everything
behind the scenes. So, yeah, but it's
cool that like everything except for the
planning is running on Kimmy. So, it's
really not that expensive for me, even
though I I do have a very longunning
archon workflow to handle every single
GitHub issue that I put on the dark
factory here. And uh let's see if we got
to 36%. I still didn't, but we know it's
using Opus because it confirmed with uh
with the calls to the API here on the
VPS.
So, pretty cool. So, there you go, guys.
that that is what it looks like to
overhaul an archon workflow and an
entire system to be mix provider and I
it'll it'll be like so fast for me to
switch anything else now even playing
around with like trying different models
with different nodes between Enthropic
and Kimmy and uh I could you know add
Miniax into the mix really easily now
like I have I have the foundation in
place now where it's really easy to try
other providers and tweak things in the
individual Archon workflows now and so
more of that in the next live stream
along ong with some of the uh
benchmarking that I was talking about as
well. I'd love to try running different
Archon workflows on the same GitHub
issues and see what kind of results we
get. Uh so yeah, there we go. That is
everything for today. And yeah, we
finally we got to 36%. So we are in fact
using Opus. There we go. Cool. All
right. Cool. So that's uh that's going
to be it for our live stream for today.
And uh just as a reminder, you can go to
chat.dimus.ai AI and uh test out this
agent yourself if you're curious. It's a
really good resource I've been working
on. So cool. All right, guys. Appreciate
all of you being here. This is an
awesome live stream. We we moved along
with things pretty well and uh yeah,
more live streams coming. So, reminder,
I do live streams every Monday,
Thursday, and Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
Central time right now. And I'm just
trying this new live stream schedule out
for a little bit. I said I'd do it for a
couple of weeks, and this is now getting
towards the end of those couple of
weeks. So, we'll see how much I continue
uh cuz I might also go back to just
doing more like YouTube videos, not live
streams. So, we'll see. I'm making that
decision this week. But, yeah, I like
doing these a lot. So, thanks everyone
for being here. Hope you guys enjoyed
this and and got a lot out of it. Just
building Archon workflows and showing
what it looks like to mix providers for
uh different agent coding processes.
Hope you guys have a great rest of your
day and I will see you all around. Take
care everyone.