Hi friends, I'm Lucia Sabatin. I'm a
developer advocate and I'm here from
Google Cloud Next. And my name's Jack
Weather Spoon. I'm a developer advocate
for DevTools for Google Cloud and I'm
joined with Lucia. And you might have
seen us yesterday in the Dev developer
keynote. We're here to kind of recap
some of the magic that we showed in our
session. So, Lucia, why don't you give
us a little bit of an intro? Absolutely.
So, yesterday, if you want to watch the
keynote, of course you can replay it. We
took them all that is how we add memory
to our agents. And this is very
important cuz the more context an agent
has, the more accurate it's going to be.
We added different types of context. We
added context through
memory bank and sessions, which Jack is
going to talk about. And we also added
context through databases and rag. So,
Jack, why don't you tell us more about
sessions? Yes. So, Gemini Enterprise
Agent platform has agent sessions and
agent memory bank. We showed both.
They're very, very easy to set up and
configure. Less than 20 lines of code.
And that sessions automatically saves
all of your ADK sessions to the cloud.
So, if you want to restart a session
later on or save things to state. So,
for in our example in the marathon
planner, we actually saved all of the
different landmarks that the
current marathon route went by into our
state. That way if anything happened, if
we ended the session, we can just pick
up where we left off, resume that
session and everything is saved into the
cloud in Gemini Enterprise Agent
platform. So, that was sessions and then
we also covered memory bank, which is
probably my favorite of the two.
Sessions is is awesome and it it really
helps, but memory [clears throat] bank
really takes your agent to the next
level and levels it up. So, memory bank
is kind of similar to sessions. It's
saving memories in the cloud.
But what it does is every time you have
a turn with the agent, so when you send
a request and you get a response back,
Memory Bank actually will automatically
save that turn into memory if it finds
something that it thinks or deems
useful. So, it could be in our you know,
in our talk we talked about not having
camels in the races as that's one of the
the rules for the city of Las Vegas.
So, it would actually if that happened
in one plan, it would get saved to
memory and then in future plans it would
actually be able to pull that back. And
Memory Bank really offloads all of that
work. You're not saving things in local
files. Again, it's all being saved in
the cloud on Gemini Enterprise Agent
platform so that it automatically does
all the work for you, which is pretty
cool.
>> Absolutely. Yes, and and you said it
yourself, it's 20 lines of code, easy
peasy. And the other part that we
covered yesterday was adding rag or
retrieval augmented generation. We used
LED B in this case, and I think most
people who are watching this already
know what rag is, but it helps
retrieving the right facts at the right
time. One of the cool things that we
showed yesterday is auto embeddings in
LED B. A lot of our databases have the
auto embedding capability, and this is
super useful because it takes
out the load for data engineers to
generate the embeddings every time a new
record is inserted. So, basically, you
can continue inserting records into the
database and the auto embedding will
happen. You will have the embedding
right away available for your rag and
for your agents to consume. The other
thing that I'm actually very excited
about is the data agent kit that was
also launched this week. And this data
agent kit is an extension that works on
VS Code, OSS Code, the Cloud Shell, and
it lets you interact with most of our
databases directly from VS Code. So, I'm
I'm super excited about that in
particular. I think you've been playing
with it a little bit.
And um one of the things that you can
try as well, if you go into our code
labs cuz we did build a code lab about
our
uh demo yesterday in the keynote is uh
the part of the chunking of all these
rules that we had, as Jag was saying,
the the city of Las Vegas doesn't allow
you to have a camel on public roads.
So, we got that from a bunch of
different PDFs and doc files that we fed
into our database. And that process, as
most people know, is a cumbersome
process if you're not doing it the right
way. So, you need to chunk everything
the way that you manage the context and
you keep those documents in a way that
they become somehow structured so that
you get the embeddings for the rag and
the agents to consume in a nice way.
Yeah, super nice. And I think one thing
we didn't talk about like you said code
labs, we've got code labs for everything
we showed in the developer keynote. We
also have a developer uh platform that
you can go to to actually test the
simulation, run it yourself. All the
code is there that you saw in the
developer keynote, which is something
that we are taking to the next level
this year. Um I believe we have over 75
different code labs that you can run
throughout things you've seen on the
show floor, the keynotes, which is
really awesome. So, like this is not
something that we are hiding. It is
something that you can go and actually
experiment with yourself uh today, which
is really really cool. And it also shows
that it's real, right? Like we put in
the work, we actually made this work.
There is a repository on our Google
Cloud Platform uh Git repo. It's called
race/condition.
And you can plan your own marathon, You
can deploy this yourself. There's a
one-click deployment, so it should be
very easy. There's some credits there
that you can use to run this for a
little bit and see how it actually
works. All of this is agentic. Every
call that we have for planning the
marathon and everything that we showed
is calling agents at scale and it's
securing them as well. So, you can see
this in your own projects if you want.
Yeah, and one thing we didn't actually
cover, too, is agent skills. We We had
an agent skill in our part of the demo
in the developer keynote, and we
actually also now have a another repo.
We're talking a lot about code and
GitHub repos, but another repo on the
Google Cloud repository for skills for
Google Cloud, and I believe we just
launched 13 brand new skills that we
have curated for different Google Cloud
products that you can now install and
help with your development on Google
Cloud. Absolutely, and you can extend
those. I think they're also very useful
to understand what good or what a good
skill looks like. Personally, I extended
it yesterday for a demo, for demo three,
because we needed to have like a
specific treatment of embeddings, and it
was a really good template to build off
of. Yeah, and I think just to kind of
recap, so what we've covered is how you
can improve your agent with session
state, so keeping things stateful, being
able to resume a session. We added
memory, so memory bank, being able to
automatically save memories into the
cloud to then for when you're using your
agent later on, pull that in. And
bringing your own data, like you said,
with AlloyDB. And those three things
really help improve context and memory,
which we see behavior is better for
agents. Absolutely. One last thing that
I forgot to mention, and I'm also very
excited about, is the data engineering
agent.
I showed the prompt that I used that was
pretty simplified, but I will be
following up with a few more examples of
a longer prompt that works very well.
And one of the great things that the
data engineering agent did for us is
create all the pipelines from a data
engineering perspective and at the same
time the orchestration. And one great
thing is you can tell it to create a
data form data engineering pipeline or a
DBT pipeline which is actually new and I
think the data engineering community
will be very excited about. So yeah,
that's another thing that we can try
out. Uh so yes,
um anything else Jack that I don't know.
You want to just quickly touch on what's
been your favorite part of next so far?
My favorite part of next so far has been
has been mingling with everybody. I
think that I get a lot of feedback and a
lot of questions that are very inspire
inspiring for me to create more content
and to reach out to people understand
what they're dealing with in production
and building their stuff. How about you?
Yeah, I think for me it's kind of just
walking around the showcase floor and
seeing what all these different
companies are doing right now. Like I
think it's such a cool time we're in for
agents, for technology, and kind of just
walking around the show floor from booth
to booth and seeing how all of these
different companies are leveraging
agents or just getting pretty inspired
like you said from chatting with people
and seeing what others are building out
there.
That's right. And of course one of my
favorite parts was sharing the keynote
with you and and doing our little fist
bumps there. So if you haven't watched
it, go watch the replay and if you have
watched it, go check out our
repositories and our code labs. Awesome.
Thanks Insiyah. Thank you.